




TéMonét Damone

Generational Curses
Vol. I
Aphorisms of Love













TAMIKA FIELDS
3547 N EMERSON AVE
INDIANAPOLIS, IN. 46218
AMIKAAYO@GMAIL.COM

128313 WORDS









All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2025 ZAYIN HOUSE Publishing 
Copyright © 2024 by TéMonét Damone
ISBN:

This book is a fiction work. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of this book.

The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without the permission of the copyright owner of this book is illegal and punishable by law. Please purchase only authorized electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials. Your support for the author’s rights is very much appreciated.

Author Website Domain>
Facebook Handle>
Twitter Handle>
 
PART I

The End

The first sin was not the sin of rebellion, nor the sin of pride, but the sin of jealousy. 
The Ojiji  became envious of the Iggi and their children the Usemi. 
So, they divided the world of Ansharah from them.
They exiled their impure being to the kingdom of creation. 
 Unto all races gather weapons of war,
And at that time everyone who is named shall enter trials
And a Scion will arise leaving destruction in their wake.
The dead shall be brought forth for redemption.
to avenge them on their enemies.
strengthen the vessel of the covenant,
light over darkness, courage or cowardice, virtue over empathy
Purified of the eternal light.
Exposing the blood of the wicked.
Only then will they return to the essence of the most divine.










Prologue



Johnari Rayfield sucked thick, earthly flavored smoke into her body. She was slipping into her favorite mood sitting on the cozy alcove on her balcony. The soulful jazz echoing around her mellowing out the long Monday it had been. Johnari sipped the pink Moscato slightly chilled and puffed again on her perfectly rolled blunt. “Aah baby what would I do if I didn’t have you?” she whispered. Blowing smoke slowly through her puckered lips into the cool fall night air. She puffed again relaxing her head backwards where swaying slowly side to side with the music. Drifting out of herself and into space in between nothing could reach her. The irritating sound of her cell phone ringing interrupted the perfect vibe. Johnari ignored it until it stopped and hit her blunt again. Guess it was a good thing after all because she had almost let it burn down. She refilled her glass and stared out over the White River. The sound of the rushing water mixed with the rustle of the trees as the breeze moved the air lulled her senses.
	Her phone rang again, and Mama T’s id lit up the screen. “Shit!” Johnari mumbled and answered. “Yes Ma’am!” her standard greeting for her adoptive mother Dontessa Rayfield. “What is your problem, Jo?” Tessa asked.
Her voice calm as usual but Johnari recognized the irritated tone that always meant a reprimand was coming. “Huh?” Johnari replied unsure of what she meant. “Don’t huh me Jo, the dress fittings!” Tessa reminded her. “Oh damn, I mean uh…” Johnari exclaimed. “Is she really mad?” Johnari asked. “Yes! Wouldn’t you be?” Tessa yelled. “I know you don’t want to hear it again mama, but I was on a case and couldn’t leave” Johnari told her. “Jo you could have called Reni back at least or texted, you just ignored her again,” Tessa stated. “I’ll call and apologize Mama for all the good it will do me,” Johnari answered. “She is always counted on you Jo. She looks up to you as her big sister you know that!” Tessa cautioned her. “I know mama, I’ll do better, but I’ve got a lot going on too!” Johnari defended herself.
“I know you do baby,” Tessa replied but Johnari quickly interrupted. “It doesn’t feel like either of you care sometimes though,” “Look I will call her in the morning ok I gotta go,” Johnari told her anxious to end the conversation. 
	“Jo don’t be like...” Tessa began but Johnari ended the call. She knew she was going to pay for it later, but she had to before her defenses, primarily her temper got the best of her. Reni Rayfield, she loved her to death and had always protected her. But the bond Tessa was desperate to build between them just never seemed to stick. Reni was a selfish narcissist who thought only of herself. Johnari could not remember any time that Reni supported her, and Tessa seemed to let it slide. “Big sister my ass!” Johnari mumbled. She re-lit the small piece left of her blunt and smoked it to the tips of her fingers. She hated feeling like the bad guy and the guilt of disrespecting Tessa would do that. The woman had done so much for her, Johnari’s guilt always reminded her of those things. Johnari picked up her glass and cigar box and headed back into her apartment. The mood was gone so she worked on her case. Maurice Rochelle sounded like a street smart and sophisticated predator. Johnari picked up the book ‘The Art of Seduction’. Rochelle used it as an instruction manual. 
To seek out easily influenced individuals to manipulate and control them. The police raided the house she had been kept in and only found this book. The author, Robert Greene, had other best sellers that Johnari ordered from Amazon. 
‘The 48 Laws of Power, The 33 Strategies of War’, and ‘The Laws of Human Nature’. Her role in the U.S Marshalls office leaked information to her on occasion and vice versa. It was a working relationship that Johnari needed as a Fugitive Recovery Agent but had become weary of. Jerry Miller, a misogynistic amoral creep with delusions of grandeur he had not earned. He used people for his benefit regardless of the repercussions. Johnari knew she had to watch her back around Miller and keep him at a need-to-know distance. He was the lead on the investigation and Johnari knew his helpfulness was, so she would do all the work, and he would get all the credit. This would not be the first time Miller usurped her thunder. What Miller did not know was this time was her hiring by the victim’s father. The girl escaped from Rochelle’s coyote and called her dad to pick her up at a truck stop in Fort Wayne, Indiana. He called the State Police first since it would take him two hours to reach her from Indianapolis. Mr. Merriweather was furious Rochelle did not get arrested. 
	The DA did not have probable cause or evidence against him for the kidnapping. Merriweather hired Pickett Recovery & Bonds to find evidence and the elusive man himself. Wade Pickett owned the business, but ailing health kept the old man out of the field. Wade always gave high-profile cases to Johnari even though his son Dale also worked in the business. Dale Pickett was good enough of a bounty hunter but was not much of a detective. He was rash in his rush to judgements and lazy when it came to the research required on targets. He resented Johnari for having Wade’s confidence and trust. It was not a competition for Johnari, she just loved the job. Wade knew Tessa from their neighborhood. He also knew her Mother Nettie being he repeated bail bonds man. Johnari was six the first time they met. 
Wade came to pick her up for a failure to appear on a drug charge. Nettie spent three months in the county jail while Johnari went into foster care. Released on probation, Nettie showed up acting erratic to a supervised visitation. 
	The mandatory parenting classes and stints in rehab did not help Nettie get it together. She went from shoplifting to breaking and entry with her boyfriend Cookie. He was a dope fiend too who only used Nettie. Cookie talked Nettie into robbing a dope boy trap house. Dirt was sleeping in the bedroom when they broke in through a basement window. They forgot about the two Bull Terriers he kept in the house. Cookie ran off and left Nettie mauled by the dogs. Dirt dumped in an alley barely breathing and losing blood. Garbage men found her the next morning just in time to save her life. Tessa took Johnari to visit her in the hospital a few days later. Her face, neck, and arms bandaged covering the horrific wounds as she lay motionless in the bed. Johnari touched her mother’s emaciated cold hand and called out to her. “Mama, mama its JoJo wake up!” she whispered.


But she had not woken up. For weeks Nettie remained in intensive care. She was discharged from the hospital, and Nettie Mae Slade vanished. Johnari never saw her again and that was twenty-three years ago. Johnari had searched for her mother when she first started with Pickett’s, but nothing ever panned out. Enough of the memory lane shit Johnari thought, tossing the book onto the table knocking over her wine glass. She picked up the book and hurried to the kitchen for a towel. Wiped off the coffee table and had begun to dry the book off flipping through the pages blotting at the dampness. She noticed a passage which stated. She remembered the daughter’s account of how she had met Rochelle. He was handing out pamphlets down by the community college in front of the food court. She would have to call Merriweather in the morning and get to talk to his daughter about that. All she had to go on now was an artist rendering the girl given to the police for a description. Johnari planned to start at the strip clubs first and see if anyone recognized him. The police thought the name was an alias, who was Maurice Rochelle?
She would make a trip to Fort Wayne and ask the neighbors around the house in the morning. She hated to do it but decided to call Dale and see if he wanted to tag along. Wade wanted her to be some sort of role model sensei to a grown stubborn child. It was all Johnari could do to not kick his ass most days. The thought of a two-hour road trip made her cry. But She would do anything for Wade, and she had to reassure herself that she could ignore Dale for his sake. He was not telling her everything about his health problems and Johnari could sense his presence was not the same. Not how he used to be. Johnari never understood how or why she felt these things. Knowing of a person’s condition. She just sensed things about people like animals did but differently. Johnari could just get a vibe inside her that gave her an awareness of what was inside others. It was the reason she had such an aversion to dating. She was creeped out by their presence the longer she stayed around them.
One guy she was certain was a sex offender. Even checked the sex offender registry but he was not on it. A year later, he was arrested for molesting a girl in his bible study group. The situation started around the time she had met him.
Johnari went through a vigilante phase after that. Stalking men who gave her the bad vibe he had. Johnari stopped two rapes around the IUPUI campus and one hate crime outside of a gay bar downtown. She realized she was not some sort of superhero and stopped chasing the bad guys she found with her vibe. There were enough people to chase on the job, beginning with the fugitive warrant suspect she was suspected of in the morning. She got a tip that Kalaya Lyons, who jumped bailed 7 months ago was coming back for a funeral in two days. Charged with espionage and theft of Ēṟugenesis Laboratories Inc. she jumped bail the minute the court released her and gone on the run. She would have to stake out the terminal because she could not be sure of the time. Forty-eight hours would not be the longest she had done surveillance, but she still was not looking forward to it.


	Hattie Slade enjoyed having her family gathered around her. One hundred and thirteen years old and Hattie still felt the promise of tomorrow. A round-faced toddler slept soundly across her lap while Hattie gently patted him on the back. She did not even try now a days to remember all their names. The oldest of the clan elders, she fondly remembered her youthful wiles and adventures. The past filled with decades of misery unforgotten and endured. She had much to be grateful for on this day of her birth. Her mother said it was a curse to be born in the middle of the murderous race attack in Atlanta on September 22, 1906. Her family loaded into a wagon carrying only food, weapons, and the little mementos of little monetary value but still prized possessions. She touched her hand to her grandmother’s silver charm that hung around her neck. It was past due to handing it down. “Ginny Lu come here sweetie,” Hattie called to one of her granddaughters. “Pull this off and take it to your mama,” Hattie told her. Ginny Lu smiled and did as she was told. Cradling the heirloom in the palm of her hand searching for her mother. She was in the kitchen placing candles around a large two-tier butter cream cake. “Mamie told me to give this to you” Ginny Lu told her mama. 
Extending her hand out in front of her face. Her mama instantly tore up looking down at the necklace. “Oh Mama!” Deidra whispered as she hung the chain around her neck. “Let’s get this cake out there now Gin,” Deidra directed as she placed the final candle top center. They both lit candles then gently lifted the cake and carried it onto the dining room table in front Hattie. A chorus of the birthday song rang joyfully through the room. Hattie hugged those closest to her “You all gonna have to help me blow em’ out now,” she joked, the flames flickered under her weak breath as the others leaned in and finished the job. Hattie clapped and laughed along with the rest of them. She quickly became short of breath deeply inhaling. Her chest felt tight, and she began wheezing struggling for each next breath. “Mamie you alright?” Deidra asked but she could not speak. Hattie clutched her burning chest. Everyone began to shuffle around the room in alarm. The burning spread up into her neck and shoulders making her dizzy. Hattie looked again at her beautiful family once again, feeling it would be for the last time. “Find my lost kin,” she asked, “bring her home,” “Yes Mamie!” they answered. Not one voice but many in somber unison as the wail of emergency siren drew closer. 
	Hattie Mae, content with her life, eased onto her next journey anxiously to see what was to come. Hours later the doctor came to the family waiting room. Tears long since shed down the many forlorn faces scattered across the room. 
“We can’t find anything that caused Ms. Hattie’s attack,” “She is resting peacefully now but she is in a comatose state, and we have placed her on life support.” He explained. “We will keep running tests and observing her condition. But unfortunately, you might have to consider terminating the support system in the time to come. I am sorry there’s not better news for you all.” “Thank you, Dr. Bannick,” Jolly, Hattie’s eldest son replied. He hugged his sisters closer one under each arm as they quietly cried. She did not get her cake; he thought tears fell down his own cheek for the first time. Lil Red stood and walked out followed by his cousin Bj. “Where yawl off too?” his mama asked. “We going to look for her!” Lil Red answered, a voice heavy with grief. Jolly rose too, followed by the rest. “Guess we get to it then,” Jolly mumbled. Early the next morning nine family members in a six-car caravan left Freewood River.
Determined to make the last birthday wish of their adored Mamie come true. The rest held vigils in the small hospital while others burned sage throughout the house. Reciting prayers to purify and prepare for the crossing, a release of the living realm to the spiritual one. The birthday cake was still whole in the refrigerator inside the bakery box. Flowers and cards had already begun to arrive on the porch. Arranged neatly along the railings in a beautiful assortment. Many were fall crocus and toad lilies, Mamie’s favorites. When Hattie designed the community gardens, they were the first to go in the ground. What an unexpected but unexpected occurrence. They all felt it would soon be her time to leave them, just not so quickly and ironically on her day of birth. Waiting to have her whole family before saying her final goodbye.


Patima Carlyle stepped off the bus into the blustery twenty-nine-degree early March air of Freewood River, Indiana. The Greyhound trip from Indianapolis took only a few hours, but eternity passed as she rode down the country roads. Out of the endless fields of harvested corn and soybean pastures to get here. She entered the bus terminal in search of a bathroom and then a ride into town, and to the Big House Diner. After reassuring herself in the bathroom. Garnering the judgmental stare of a woman listening to her talk to herself. Patima gathered her things and walked down the busy street and became immediately charmed by the small-town shops and smiles of its people. She was hungry and tired, but the thought of food made her sick. Her nerves were on edge knowing what she was going to do soon. She had not realized that her wandering was at an end until the nice street and appealing facades turned into cracked and uneven sidewalks. adorned with distraught buildings of broken glass and faded signs. 
	There were fewer friendly smiles replaced by suspicious stares she knew all too well. She continued to the dirty cream building with the room for rent sign. The two-story Caravelle Inn looked like the setting of a horror movie, and she just pictured the worst happening to her if she stayed too long. It was a good thing she had only the intention of being here for a short while. She checked in and located the room. The faded stained walls that boxed in the mildewed carpet churned her stomach the minute she walked into the room. The grime crusted bathroom made it worse as she barely made it to the rusted, and lord only knew what else commode to vomit. She looked between the bed and the chair in the corner and chose the latter to rest on. Patima refused to be nibbled on by bed bugs for a few moments sleep. She closed her eyes and rubbed the small bulge of her belly. Damaris thought he would just walk away from them without care. When she informed him that she would not get an abortion it was like seeing a different man. 
She knew if they had not been in public, he might have beaten the baby out of her. Her original plan was to tell the child its father had died. But the more hurt she felt the more she wanted the bastard to be dead. Then she could not stand the smell in the room any longer and decided to head out. 
She checked her bag for the only thing she would need and then her pockets for the extra clip. Patima approached a group of women talking loudly at the end of the street. From what she could hear it was general gossip going back and forth with a lot of excitement. She stood to the side listening until one of the women noticed her. “The hell you want girl, looking all in my mouth?” the irritated woman snarled at her. Patima could have been just as belligerent back to the woman but had no time to get into a physical altercation considering she was outnumbered. “Sorry, I really just stopped for directions and that’s all!” Patima told them and moved away. “What are you looking for girl?’ the older one of the groups asked. “Just some place to eat for cheap” Patima responded. “There’s a diner over on Fort Moses Blvd, you walk two blocks up and make a left.” The women dismissed her and got back to their conversation, so she continued her way. The weight of the gun in her hoodie pocket was distracting her too. It made the garment lean to one side, so she had to keep reading it, so the collar did not feel like a noose around her neck. She watched the woman make herself a cup of coffee and carry it to a corner booth.
	

Willie “Littles” Jones stood about five’11” and weighed close to 280lbs.  He had been the cook at the Big House Diner since it opened.  He was cooling off from the hot kitchen sitting on one of the make-shift benches on the side of the diner.  
A wine Black & Mild cigar dangled from the corner of his mouth.  He watched as the regulars came in and out of the diner. When the red ford pulled into the lot he quickly got to his feet.  “Shit he’s early” Littles cursed moving quickly to meet him at the door. The order Alan had placed was ready, but he thought he had enough time left to get the food boxed and bagged. They greeted each other with their usual handshake and trade of insults, without either one of them noticing the hooded figure creeping past them into the diner. Mom ‘D was what Damaris had called his mother. Patima found a seat at the counter and tried to look normal, or at least calm. She could feel her body shivering and stomach began to get queasy as she looked around the room. “May I help you?” a voice said but she did not pay much attention to the words. “Hey, do you want something or not?” the voice asked again but this time the counter shook as the server slapped her hand down on it. Patima’s eyes narrowed as she looked at the young server.
She was lucky she was not a crazed shooter out to get everyone, she was there for Damaris. “Let me have the lunch special” Patima babbled trying to keep control of her voice. Sitting at the table talking on his phone was Damaris. He smiled like he had done so many times when they were together. It had to be some hope at the other end believing all the shit that came out of his mouth. Patima jumped off the stool and walked over to the table. The smile dropped from Damaris’s face when he recognized the figure coming towards him. The bitch came here he thought as he got up.  He would try to reach her before she had a chance to speak to Mom ‘D. Dove Doney, watching her youngest son squirm his way out of the booth in a hurry. She bobbed her head from side to side to see those to whom he was talking. The girl did not look like much to begin with, especially her clothes. Whatever made these young girls wear men’s clothes was beyond Dove’s comprehension, and she was skinny on top of that.
Dove hoped he would take her outside. Damaris knew not to cause a scene in the diner with his latest trick of the day. The loud popping sounds that rang out next had Dove and everyone else diving to the ground.
They were all too familiar with gunshots in this part of town. Dove watched as Damaris fell to the ground. She watched as he tried to crawl away from the crazy bitch who kept firing, some hitting him or the floor. Patrons scrambled to get away, tipping over chairs, cowering Under tables. They scattered mindlessly around terrified. A bullet struck a woman in the back of her shoulder sending her crashing into a trash receptacle. Another struck a man in his leg as he shielded his wife using his body. Patima was trying her best to shoot straight but the force of the gun’s recoil jerked her arm around. She felt euphoric as tears blurred her vision mingling everyone into a chaotic sight. The .380 only made clicking sounds now but she squeezed the trigger anyway. 
Shots rang, an initial two followed by three or four more, breaking the quiet morning in town. Alan crept up behind the deranged woman. Relieved bullets quit coming out of the gun. At least she could not shoot him if she noticed him before he reached her. The last couple of inches he decided to just tackle her to the ground quickly. Patima hit the floor hard, stunning her back to reality. She felt the sudden weight crushing her when she remembered her precious cargo. 
“Get the hell off me” Patima screamed fighting the person on top of her. “You’re hurting my baby motherfucker get of me” She screamed. The gun was still a weapon in her hands as she struck Alan with it. Alan grabbed her gun and pinned it to the ground above her head. He sat on her legs and tried to restrain the other hand as Izzy rushed over to help. Patima blacked out to the sound of frantic voices and Police sirens.
	

“Come on, follow me to a place a bit more secluded” Odale said as he grabbed Phryne by the arm and walked out of the diner. “Have you found her?” Phryne asked him under her breath. “I have hired a service to locate her, the tracker caught up to her in Indianapolis. ”I’m still waiting for her to get in contact on new developments”. He explained. “We need to get out of here before they find out what’s happened Odale” Phryne warned. “I will not be held accountable for your mistakes. “Just follow me out east, we can have this argument there. Instead of half the neighborhood and the deputies please!” Odale grated through his teeth. He turned and walked off towards his car. 
Phryne stalked her Mercedes AMG GT Roadster. She had parked it down the street from the diner in front of a section of empty houses. “You sure spend a lot of time at this old farm for someone who doesn’t own it.”, Phryne quipped. Odale grabbed a bottle of Courvoisier off the shelf along with two glasses. Phryne savored the exquisite taste of honeyed sandalwood and toffee all full-bodied and rich that lingered. “Acclivis knows about our arrangement” Odale blurts out. “How? How the fuck did they find out?” Phryne yelled at him. “It’s FUCKING ACCLIVIS PHRYNE!” Odale yelled back at her. 
“I have to go before the judges in the morning, I’m being compelled for an Inim.Ñar”. “What the hell, God damn it Odale what do we do?” Phryne asked nervously. He did not have an answer because he knew there was nothing he could do. They had risked everything for glory no matter the consequences. Lights appeared outside as a vehicle approached the house. “Who the Fuck is this?”, “Did they send someone for us?” Phryne panicked. “No, they wouldn’t come, but let’s get out of here now!” If we keep our headlights off, we can sneak down the service road” Odale suggested. “C’mon move it!” he yelled.


	Levant Doney gunned his patrol car through the parking lot. He raced around to the back exit and waited a few minutes before going in. Mom D was not going to be happy if she knew he was high again. No telling what would happen considering the state she must be in. The kitchen was hot, and food sat on the stove and grill wasted away.
Voices carried over the serving window and he could see his co-workers shuffling around. Some were drinking coffee at the counter nonchalantly until they realized he had walked into the room. He did not see Mom D anywhere. Of course, he thought she would be at the hospital glued to her baby’s side. How stupid could he get, he thought. The haze he had been in for the last hour was finally clearing. Littles hugged Levant quickly and patted his shoulder. “Your mama’s been calling boy, why haven’t you called her back yet?” he asked disapprovingly.  “I honestly thought she was going to need a doctor herself over something like this?” He looked down at the puddles of blood on the floor. “How was he?” Levant asked sadly. “He was conscience but bleeding badly when they got here” Littles rubbed his face in a frustrated reflex.
“You should get down there to them Levant” I know your mother’s not overseeing this well.”  Levant gave him a quick hug of his own and hurried off.  Littles the cook at the diner and mom D's loyalist supporter there have been rumors that he was a cherished father, but no one had the balls to ask Dove about it. Littles sat at the counter for a moment wishing he could go to Dove himself.  He had tried to call her, but it kept going to voicemail.  He walked into the manager’s office and took a seat at Dove’s desk.  There was not much to do but wait for the police to finish so he could get around to cleaning up the mess. Business as usual tomorrow so He guessed he would be late into the night making things right around the diner. He stared at the family portrait Dove kept on her desk. He has supported her family for a long time, but he had never felt the member he should have been. Dove had her secrets, and no matter how badly he wanted to reveal just one. He did not want to take a chance to lose everything to it.
“Hey Littles,” Deputy Bartlett called from the doorway. “Yeah” Littles answered, “We’re done with scene man, you can close up now or whatever”. The deputy informed him. “Yeah ok, thanks Junie” he replied placing the photo back on the desk. His life cycled around loneliness and turmoil for so long before he came to Freewood Rivers. He had walked into this diner looking for a meal and a quick couple of bucks. Dove walked up to his table, took his order and the rest was history.  The fore-longed admirer wanted only her presence if nothing else. 


Tiran Temple looked over security reports on the Project A.V.A theft before an emergency meeting with his Ēṟugenesis Laboratories Inc board members. The late evening briefing that his security team could not locate Vice-President Eric Travis worried him. They needed to speak with him about emails on a secret server found by the IT team. With few clues on his whereabouts, they were frantically working to do damage control. But they knew who one of the perpetrators was, the prized and renowned geneticist Kalaya Lyons. “It’s always the one you least expect,” Jacobs had said and damned if he was not right. He would now have extra security for everyone involved in the project. The scenario was about to get worse. The virus would get exposed, and whoever was using it on humans had no idea that the vaccine, without the missing formula mutated the virus. It would be an epidemic like the black plague all over again. Except this time, it would run its course through the entire global population. 
	They talked loudly amongst themselves over the troubling news. The room went deathly quiet instantly as he walked to the head of the long conference table. “We all know why we’re here,” Tiran stated and sat down. “First, I want to know exactly what we can do to get the situation under control,” “And second, everyone involved with the program questioned!” Tiran demanded. “What of the specimen? Do we know if it is another mutation of the virus or the vaccine?” Tiran asked the head of the division, Dr. Pierce. “The virus hasn’t had enough time to mutate any of the test cells we’re working with,” “The vaccine will not cure the virus altogether, but antibodies int the blood will not be able to fight it,” “The virus seems un-attracted to certain blood types, so some may have an immunity factor.”
	Pierce stopped suddenly realizing she was rambling on, and Tiran was not paying much attention anyway. Tiran stared into the unknown as she spoke, unconsciously rubbing his hands up and down his thighs. “There are still things to do before I leave for an important trip. We need to have contingencies for the fallout if there is an epidemic.” “Mr. Hastings as the head of public relations you’ll be overseeing it,” “Mrs. McKnight, I will need you to do a financial analysis of what it could cost us. I am sure investors will be beating down the doors once it hit the news.” “Mr. Poe congratulations, your being promoted to vice president. That is if you want the job under the circumstances,” Tiran conceded as he made his way out of the room.
	

“I asked you to stop coming here what do you want?” Dr. Tessler angrily asked Ateino. “I’m visiting my comatose childhood friend?” Ateino joked. “Do you think the staff haven’t noticed you never actually visit Mr. Hadley?” Tessler asked him. Ateino laughed at the doctor’s ire. “I like to watch him through the glass!” He snarked “Hell most of the staff don’t go in either!” “What do you want?” Tessler asked again. “Is it ready Kinsey?” Ateino asked seriously. “The final incubation stage is almost finished.” Tessler gloated inwardly. “And the carrier?” Ateino asked Tessler. Sala is ready for breeding, and we are sure the antigen in her system will protect the embryo during gestation. “And her other problem?” Ateino asked. “She’s increasingly unstable mentally!” Tessler answered. “She’ll most likely devolve into a mongrel with a year.” Tessler stated. “Sala’s been in restraints since March after biting a chunk out of a nurse’s face!” Tessler chuckled. “What about her daughter, should we consider her?”, “Shouldn’t she be of ripe age?” asked Ateino. 
“Yes, Volscia will turn 17 in a few weeks.” “We’re ready to begin the fertility treatments” Tessler informed him. “Has the expected Father shown himself yet?” Ateino questioned his enigmatic friend. “The envoy arrived at dawn to take the cambion Camilla’s” Kinsey pouted. “Who’d they chose?” Ateino wondered. “Lisandra, Grace, Noel, Evra, and Minette” he answered. “They don’t know about Volscia do they?” Ateino asked him. “Of course not!” Kinsey said. “It’s bad enough he gets Evra and Minette!” “Damn him!” Ateino shouted angrier than he thought he would be. “I was favoring Noel more these days” Ateino admitted. “You should be getting back to your uncle don’t you think?” Tessler suggested. “Poor Hadley hasn’t opened his eyes in fifteen years” Ateino laughed. “Get out of my car anyway” Tessler demanded, starting the engine.
	Ateino kept laughing as he climbed out. Tessler immediately left the garage. It did not take him long to reach the Facility. The old Freewood Infirmary built in 1896 closed in 1923. The ruins of the building are just a fake facade. The lower levels had been remodeled and reinforced for the program. Tessler strolled through the security stations to the main labs. Located three sublevels beneath the original pathology amphitheater. It has taken them more than twenty years to breed out the mongrel abnormality. The deadly side effects to the mothers were overcome too. Nedyr Wura initiated the Astarte project using the Chrysalis. Located in a deep-water pool under the cave systems of Freewood River. Wura discovered the waters were infused with Quintessence energy from a fissure beneath it. 
	He surmised it was caused by a dimensional rift in the barrier. The ethereal radiance of the chrysalis was magnificent. Attached to the walls of the cave, a webbed cartilage-like structure interwoven into a waxy layered casing. Half submersed with a hollow “straw-like” central cavity anchored by a thin skin formed on the water’s surface. As Wura studied the chrysalis, he had an epiphany. If the molting process allowed for regeneration inside a chrysalis, what effect would it have on Usemi with a genetic ability to transmute at will? Would the chrysalis repair their de-progressive state of being? Wura began his secret genetics research. combining Usemi embryos with the genetic material he had extracted from the bone marrow. Proxies, unwilling towns people kidnapped and used as breeders to create the symbiotic embryos. 
	He created living biological material, but the ghastly mutated abomination did not live long. He then explored every genetic molecule, removing layers by microscopic layer of tissue and amputating limbs until they were dissected to bone. But Me. Ourá’s living material did not survive long outside of the amnion shell. The cells degradation occurred within months. He decided drastic sacrifices had to be made to ensure Me. Ourá’s Progenitor Variance Cell viability. Then he rebuilt what he had torn down with his gifts. Wura’s breakthrough and downfall occurred simultaneously. His servants began to disappear or die suddenly from strange accidents which killed them. Ten people began the project but within a few years there were only two. 
	Others noticed the disappearances of the townspeople but the supernatural were blamed for it. It was not until the fire that they learned the truth. Horrified by the callousness in which the doctor conducted his research, Nedyr Wura was arrested by the Elder Council and convicted by the Dayyani. Under the guise of a humane way to research, they began again assessing Me Ourá for reproductive therapies. The Astarte project was reinitiated by Trinus. But Audra and Tessler had already succeeded with ARIES V. Antigen with their program. Then he found her, a vessel with the compatible genetics for Progenitor Variance Cell endosymbiotic development. Sala was from an outlander clan who had been sent to the asylum for paranoia. She was also an anomaly carrier.
Their research into their origins without the scrutiny of Trinus and breaking the oaths was a labored secret to keep. Audra’s visionary work with the Aries Antigen had changed everything for them. Sala successfully conceived with the test embryos but suffered many miscarriages. Embryonic incongruity resulted in severe complications. Her infants who survived suffered physical and mental abnormalities. Brain damage caused by swelling, impeded mental function, and seizures. Working together they had developed Sala’s first stable embryos which were implanted into viable vessels. Volscia was the only surviving descendant of Me Ourá. And the secret of her success Audra had never revealed. Tessler had his own secret. He had found a parasitic conjoined twin, a limbed tumor with a twelve vertebrae vestigial tail. 
Attached on the back of Volscia at birth containing an adrenal gland, and two spinal cords entangled in a nerve cluster. It was removed secretly and kept alive. Over the first decade or so it grew a structurally and genetically similar brain to that of a 5-week-old human fetus. Tessler named it Camilla and developed an ammunition capsule and transfusion process enabling Camilla to develop into the humanoid form she was today. He planned once her body gained endurance. He could use her mahru rich spinal fluids to treat his wife. Tessler was prepared to start the tests today but with the envoys’ arrival it would be best to postpone. Keeping both safe from the Asakku was the priority.

Dr. Adair began to pace the room, maybe if she found just the question, she could find fault with Caraline’s progress and reevaluate the conditions of her release. She really could not believe she could sabotage the research completely but stalling it seemed a clever idea. The Angelique had no proof, but she knew no one could feel that Caraline was playing her.  Angelique sat in the window seat of her quaint office overlooking the south lawn of The Rosehaven Institute. She felt slightly guilty for her melancholy mood, but her work with post-traumatic stress victims had progressed even beyond her initial expectations for the program. After almost 15 years of treatment and research, I was about to walk out the doors of Rosehaven and take her secrets with her. Her release was contingent to three strict rules, or she would relocate back into Center Asylum. “Dr. Adair” Yolanda asked over the intercom, “Ms. Basquiat is here” she stated and closed the line. Was it already time for her to let go? The frustrated moan escaping her mouth revealed her innermost truth. 
	She should have gone with her first thought and withheld her enthusiasm in the wording of her final report. The uncontrolled environment into which they were moving the next phase was the world in general. Angelique crossed the short space to her office door and heaved one last regretful sign before she opened it. ”Ms. Basquiat, please come in”. she asked the older woman sitting in the waiting area. Caraline Basquiat is cordial in her greeting but held off. She sits down in the armchair by the desk where the sunlight streamed beautifully into the room. Dr. Adair asked her the usual questions which always began their sessions and were necessary for the data tracking portion of the research. “Ms. Basquiat, have you had a chance to secure any employment once your settled in at your new home.” “Yes, I have.” Caraline answered. “Why did you refuse an aide to live with you, it could lessen a lot of the stress associated with such a substantial change” “She could help you learn somethings that have changed in our…” Dr. Adair could not finish.
	Caraline quickly interjected. “The last thing I need or want is a shadow to remind me of this place” Caraline’s voice had a quiver, but she tamped her emotions back down. “How do you feel about living on your terms again, returning to society?” Angelique asked her. “You’re not presenting any signs of anxiety going forward or apprehensions regarding how well you’ll do reintegrate yourself around so many that you don’t know?” Caraline stared at the doctor for a moment analyzing her answer. “No” she spoke quickly but sternly. course not, why would she be. She waited a long time to reunite herself with a few past members of a certain society and Dr. Adair here was her straight line to them. “With the divestment of funds in my commissary account I will have enough for the store and the apartment above it. The leasing agent was a nice gentleman about the price. Caraline could not wait to be back inside the circle. To feel its rejuvenating force, heal the ugly shell she had become waiting decades to reach freedom.




	Odale had only gotten a glimpse of the comely woman the orderlies escorted down the corridor. But he had felt that presence before. He could not forget the one person left connected in his tragedy. Dr. Tessler said Caraline died during the fire at Rosehaven. But he had hidden her under the name of another patient who had died. Then kept her prisoner for his deadly and inhumane experiment. So how was her presence not detected until now? It just had to be her, but he had no time to find out how it is or why. He needed to find out if her memories had remained intact. Odale waits for the orderly to come back through the reception area. “Excuse me, hey man I you think you could do me a favor?” Odale asks him. They talk quietly as bribes him to let him see the woman who was just with him before he takes her back to her room.
An Odale sat waiting in the dark activity room of Rosehaven. The night orderly entered dragging Caraline behind him. “You have ten minutes before the room check, so make it quick!” he told him. “Thanks man.” Odale whispered and handed him some folded bills. “Well say something” Odale asks Caraline who feigns ignorance to who he is, but the presence had to be affecting her just as it was him, strongly. Dr. Tessler said Caraline had died during the fire at Rosehaven. The entire time he had hidden her under the name of another patient. And kept her prisoner here under their control. “Do we know each other?” Caraline feigned. “Are you a doctor here?” She asked him. 
“Caraline, you know me!” Odale stated firmly. “I’m sorry sir, but I don’t!” Caraline insisted. “I’m so sorry, I looked for you during the fire!” Odale confessed. Caraline almost slipped. Showed a response to empty statement. What did that mean to her now? It would not have meant much then. He was responsible more than anyone for what happened to her. His jealousy was the reason she was imprisoned to begin with. “What fire?” Caraline asked Odale who suddenly grabbed her shoulders pulling her into him. Rearing back quickly composing herself, Caraline leapt from the chair. “Please don’t touch me!” she ordered him. Odale tried approaching her again. Caraline called loudly for the orderly. “(?), (?)” she yelled. 


Odale waited in the office of Dr. Tessler impatiently. Everything will be exposed, and he will be the catalyst of destruction. It was all too much of a burden for him and he refused to execute any longer. Odale refused to be responsible for death of his own people anymore. His conscience weighed heavy with the hundreds of souls whose blood stained his hands. Odale believed in the beginning that the purification of the bloodlines would be worth the cost if the end results saved lives, but it was genocide. Now they were facing extinction from within lead by a sadistic narcissist with a god complex. The Tessler would be stopped but first Odale needed the original formula. Odale placed drops of the sedative in both the glasses next to the decanter. Hopefully Tessler will follow the pattern and have a sip of his favorite cognac when he comes in. This would be his last chance to get the blood sample. It was the only evidence he could give to the Adedeji to put a stop to this finally. He regretted the way he had used Kalaya, but she was a key piece in all of it.
	Tessler walked buoyantly into his office. “Odale, good to see you!” he greeted patting him on the shoulder as he passed. “Have you secured the information from Kalaya I’m eager to see the progress Dr. Laster’s made.” Tessler exclaimed. “Kalaya was arrested before she could send the documents, I’m afraid.” Odale informed him. “What are doing to retrieve the information?” Tessler asked tersely. “I hired someone to do it for me” Odale answered. “This is unacceptable, and I’ll hold you responsible if anything else goes wrong.” Tessler threatened him. He got up and went to the decanter just as Odale hoped. He brought the glass to his lips, drank it all and poured another before returning to his seat. “We’re this close Odale to getting what we both want do I need to remind you of what we could lose?” Tessler stated. 
	“Believe me I know!” Odale replied watching Tessler down the second glass. “When will you hear from them, the person you’ve tasked with…” Tessler gave a long pause, “What did…?” Tessler mumbled before he passed out. The glass in his hand rolled under the desk as his body went limp. Odale calmly rounded the desk and pushed Tessler back. He removed his shoes and socks. Drawing the syringe from his pocket and inserting it between his big and index toes. He neatly adjusted Tessler ’s clothing and left the room.


“Odale Gannibal has betrayed the Summa Nura.” Audra informed Sitra. The two women sequestered in a Black Cedar Lounge private dining compartment. We have a fundamental problem with Odale" Audra told Sitra. "What problem could he be causing now?" Sitra asked. "Odale is spying on both sides!" Audra revealed. Sitra did not look surprised at all. "This should have always been expected from a Gannibal" Sitra explained to Audra like it was her own ignorance to trust him. “We were suspicious of him from the beginning. His mother’s loyalty began to falter because she married that man. "So, what's happened?"  Sitra asked. “Sitra, He has been working both sides. Reporting everything to the (?). He also convinced Kalaya to betray us” Audra told her. "He had my assistant steal the new stain of ARIES V " Audra stated. Sitra's reaction was priceless Audra thought. 
	"That (?) bastard!" Sitra yelled. “That means the (?) have the Chimera codex?” Sitra asked her. “Yes, that’s what I’m telling you!”, “He’ll have to be dealt with and soon Sitra!” Audra sizzled.	“He will be!” Sitra agreed. “Where’s the assistant now?” she asked Audra. "Temple hired an investigator to go after her." she told her. "Do we know who it is?' Sitra asked. "An Outsider supposedly from a fallen house, a Mourning girl.", "That's its own set of troubles though “Audra revealed. "What does that mean?" Sitra asked angrily. "It’s Luther Rayfield's girl." whispered Audra. "Are you sure? “Sitra asked, Audra nodded her head yes." "We might use this to our advantage don't you think Audra?" she asked. "I think she'll ruin everything!" Audra insisted. "For now, let's deal with Odale, he'll have to be kept quiet about everything before he goes in for the (?)" Sitra stated. "Then what are you going to do?" Audra asked. "What we're going to do has to be done quickly, just leave the arrangements to me." Sitra told her. "When it's time for you to intervene, I'll inform you" Sitra said. Audra was sure the matter would be overseen but unsure if it would complicate her own plans.
	“Once she gets to Westfall’s detention center.” “The Elder Congregate will have jurisdiction over her” Sitra guessed. “We’ll just have to take her away from them then” Audra suggested. “Get the details and I will take care of it” Sitra assured her. “Odale must go first, Tessler believes he was drugged while Gannibal came to see him.” “Doesn’t know why or what he was after, but that traitor goes first!” Audra hissed. “I’m headed to the council meeting”, “I’ll inform on the other one soon.” Audra told Sitra and left. Sitra remained and finished her LOUIS XIII Cognac, savoring its rich spiced floral flavor. She only drank the brandy on celebratory occasions. And during her mourning when her husband died. She did not know what she was losing now but she felt it coming. 
A great loss that would end all she had. She sat a while longer, staring at the bottom of the empty glass before leaving. Harran Pennington met Sitra, and they ambled along with power and poise arms entwined. “How are matters?” he asked her. “We have to remove Gannibal” Sitra replied. “It’s come to that then” signed (?). “Come to what dear” Sitra asked. “Destroying the Nergal.” Sitra squeezed his arm tighter expressing her own frustration. “We’re doing what needs done!” she surmised strongly. “How long before the bloodlines breed out their purebloods?” She asked him. 
Harran thought quietly to himself. They exited the hotel into the waiting car before he answered. “We’re doing what needs done!”


Nathua knew the Ojiji had to be suppressed back into the Inverse. The winter equinox heralded the Ùsá(M)/Ùdi(F). The festival lasted for eleven days, and by the concluding day, various Usemi would have entered the “Shiimti chamber start their stasis. Their numbers would decrease immensely making the clan vulnerable. Moclim, and Zumaht sided with Aamasuri’s  suggestion, to attack the head on before they get an upper hand. Natiahs, the overseer of the Ùsá Ùdi would never allow it to be canceled due to the repercussions. “This discussion is pointless!” she told the others. “Without the consent of the Acclivis there is nothing we can do.” Iah reminded them. The Council Elder had the greatest poker face of all. Revealing only what was necessary and nothing. And never with an emotional response. “Can we expect his presence for clarification?” Amasuri asked. Edylis has yet to bring a word, Iah replied. The Inverse will have to be guarded closely and locked down and continue into the near future.  Zumaht decreed. “The evidence is irrefutable, Luther Rayfield is back!”, “And if he’s returned so have his followers!” Moclim stated. “I will assign a team to Freewood to search for him covertly while securing the city.” Amasuri claimed.
	“The followers family members will have to be kept under observation too!” Nathua stated. “Some are high members of the Nergal, that’s going to upset a lot of people!” Natiahs warned. “It’s unavoidable and necessary Natiahs.” Nathua told her. “The Nergal had its share of possessed.” “They will be targeted first by the Ojiji for re-possession.” Iah agreed. “Which will need a judgment from the authority of the Dayaani.” Amasuri lamented. “And we will wait to have it before doing anything with the Nergal.” Natiahs cautioned. “Well, I’m going to send the Inquiry Unit right away regardless, I don’t need permission for that!” Amasuri asserted before charging out of the room.


Dakari sat in the lobby at the Black Cedar flipping through magazine suitcases on the side of him. He arrived two days ago but still had not checked into his room. A disgruntled company man transferred out of his division in the city of angels and into the middle of green acres. Not to say it was not a wonderful place with small town charm, but it came with small town minds and customs. He wondered why they needed an Inquiry Unit investigator of his caliber in a place like Freewood. A newcomer investigator could have overseen the matter easily enough, which meant there had to be something they were keeping quiet about.  He looked around at the employees and patrons moving about. 
They did not seem curious about him at all since he arrived, and no one acknowledged his presence. He missed the west coast with hot eighty-three °F dry summers that cooled to a comfortable and mild winter with average highs of 68 °F and lows of 48 °F. But Freewood had an invigorating climate with transitions from a bitter chilly winter into spring. It was a cold rainy morning that turned warm and humid quickly. Leaving him to deal with thunderstorms and tornado warnings. He was not comfortable wearing layers. Hopefully, the weather will break and warm up soon. He grabbed his bags and approached the registration desk. The man greeted him with a fake smile that never turned upward, just stretched out sideways across his face. “Welcome to the Black Cedar Sir” He greeted, “We’re pleased you’ve decided to stay with us” he added. So, someone had noticed him Dakari realized. He read his name tag “Qwynel (Hughley), your very observant, I’ll have to remember that!” Dakari replied. “Dakari Garrard, and I have a stated. 
“Here you are” he announced. Qwynel hit a few keys and printer came to life, “You’ll be staying in one of our extended stay suites.” He placed the registration form in front of Dakari and his swipe card. “We also have a boutique inside the hotel that has good seasonal items if you need them Sir!” Qwynel suggested. He dinged his bell, and a young man gathered Dakari’s bags. “This way Sir” he said and headed to the elevators. The swank Hotel made him feel out of place. The river was calling him back to its quarry of Largemouth bass, black crappie, rainbow trout, walleye, and bluegill. He had restored his grandfather’s 1938 30' Mackenzie Cuttyhunk bass boat. A galley on port, enclosed head on starboard, and wood hull. The boat also had Vintage 1960s fighting chair, new custom-built mahogany companionway paneled doors, original MacKenzie bronze bow rail, bronze rod holders, original bronze steering wheel, original Morse controls. 
She was the same beauty as him as she was to his grandfather. He could convince his managers to allow him to bring it down. Then at least the expense budget would not be another thing he had to worry about. The lobby brochure said it was a lake a couple of miles from boats and fish. He would not have to find time while on the case if he lived there. The giddy his grown ass was feeling assessed his childish nature for fun. Yes, he was putting in the request.


Johnari kept reading on the bench at the Amtrak station in Indianapolis. Johnari recognized Kalaya as passengers disembark from the train. Kalaya goes to the locker area and retrieves a pricey duffle bag then she heads towards the exits of the greyhound terminal on South Street and Johnari follows her out. Kalaya walks through the crowd of people past the buses out to the parking lot, but she stops to look around. She crosses the street and enters the underground parking garage to the adjacent mall. Johnari watches her go down the ramp and get into a black late model Taurus. Johnari waited until the car pulled up to the ticket gate.  Hiding behind a column she shoots the trunk with a magnetic tracking bullet. The gate rises and Kalaya drives off. Johnari walks quickly back to her own car and turns on her tablet. The mapping app took a few moments to load before the navigation screen appeared. The vehicle avatar moved slowly along Illinois Ave headed out of downtown. Johnari followed her well behind with the flow of traffic. No need to rush if the tracking was active. 
Kalaya headed west to the Riverside, close to the White River with its bungalow and four-square type homes. The diversity changed over the years due to poverty and crime in the area. But it still had a beautiful urban charm. Johnari parked a few yards back from the house Kalaya arrived . It was not one of the addresses her file had for family or known associates. She decided to call Wade and have him do a background check for it. “Hey Boss, I got your girl out on Sugar Grove,” Johnari said. “Yeah, you got a chance to grab her, or you want Dale sent out to assist?” Wade asked. “She’s already inside run a check on the address though,” Johnari requested. “I just want an idea of who I might have to deal with if I have to confront them to get her out,” she said. “Alright we’ll do that give it here,” Wade told her. “1324 Sugar Grove,” “I am going to sit on it for a while to see who comes and goes ok,” she told him.
	Johnari stayed there for another twenty minutes before anyone even rode past or walked down the street. The neighborhood was quiet with little traffic. Another twenty minutes or so and someone finally emerged from the house. Johnari sat up straighter rubber necking to get a better look. A male about five’7 got into the Taurus and drove off. Johnari quickly decided to follow but decided not to. Kalaya was the target, and the tracker would still record where he went if needed. A maroon SUV pulled up in front of the house and Kalaya came out. The wig she wore did not change much of her appearance because she had a distinctive limp when she walked. Kalaya dressed in black pants and a black trench coat surveyed the street before climbing into the vehicle. Johnari knew she would have to risk getting close and spotted to place another tracker. She followed them further west to a funeral home.
 
	The services lasted a little over an hour giving Johnari time to tag the SUV. Johnari waited until the services were over and joined the procession to the graveyard keeping a close eye on Kalaya. Johnari kept her distance and took pictures from her car of the attendees as they made their way to the gravesite. Johnari knew how it felt losing a mother and sympathized with Kalaya. She did not really want to add to her misery, but she had a job to do. Kalaya admitted to taking the money for her mother’s experimental cancer treatments. The poor woman’s condition had progressed aggressively anyway. Kalaya had a stellar career in the making and a prosperous future. But the love, loyalty, and denial of scared daughter for her mother ruined everything. Johnari admired her for her stoicism and felt guilty for what she had to do. As mourners began to leave Kalaya lingered at the mother’s casket. She placed a hand on top of it and said her final goodbye. Johnari did not know why she would capture that moment in the film, but she did. It felt intrusive and insensitive because it had no worth to the case.
	Johnari just felt the loss for her own reasons. She did not know whether her mother was alive or dead. At least Kalaya had her closure and Johnari hoped it would help her in the times to come. She made her way back to her own vehicle and again mixed in with the exodus from the cemetery. Kalaya got dropped off back at the Amtrak station and Johnari knew she had to grab her now. She pulls a grey hoodie out of the duffle bag and puts it on. She rolls up the tinted windows, so a passerby cannot see her phase. She relaxes her body and does a few deep breathing exercises. Her body trembles ever so slightly and the skin makes tiny ripples of flesh changing the contours of her face. She grabs a hand towel out of the bag and wipes her face and hands. The small secretion would look like sweat to anyone else, but it was excreted plasma. She hoped she would not need another transfusion after this. Kalaya was proving resourceful as well as aware. Johnari thought Kalaya saw her on the road. Maybe seeing a different face would calm her nerves if she had spotted her. She shimmied her cotton sweats down and over her trainers. The black leggings she wore underneath would make a quick wardrobe change. She gets in line with a few people behind her at the customer service window. 
“Where did the dark-skinned lady in the brown leather jacket buy a ticket to get to?” she asked the ticket lady. The woman looked suspiciously at her so Johnari pulled her ID chain out for the woman. “She bought a bus ticket to Michigan City,” the teller told her. “Thanks! Call security to the platform for me,” Johnari asked the woman who did it immediately. Johnari walked up slowly to Kalaya as she handed her duffle bag to the porter loading bags under the bus. “Kalaya Lyons?” she asked her from behind and Kalaya took off towards the street. “Stop or get tased!” Johnari yelled but she kept going. Johnari pushed from a sprint to run to catch up with Kalaya. Dodging through people on the street, bending corners and running across the wide multilane street against the light. A car coming out of parking entrance blocked Kalaya’s way and Johnari tased her ass just for good measure. “Aaaah!” Kalaya screamed as she wiggled around on the sidewalk. “Lay on your stomach NOW!” Johnari ordered her. “Kalaya do it this has a fully charged battery,” Johnari bitched.
	Kalaya did as she had been instructed. Johnari knelt her in the back to hold her down while she cuffed her. The metro police screeched a stop near them sirens and lights. “Recovery agent Johnari Rayfield,” she yelled and held up her id chain. Johnari spent the next thirty minutes arguing authority to three newcomers and their Sargent before she was allowed to take Kalaya into custody. Johnari helped Kalaya out of the SUV at the back of the Federal building. “You can't keep me here!” Kalaya pleaded with her. “I won't be safe in this jail from them, please!” she begged as she reluctantly climbed the short steps to the back door. “Why Kalaya? Tell me what is really going on here then?” Johnari demanded. The fear on her face was answering enough as she pinched her mouth closed. “Ok then!” Johnari retorted as she pushed the doorbell on the security panel. The lock buzzed and released, and she pulled Kalaya in front of her through the doors. They walked footsteps echoing down the old, tiled hallway. The desk clerk looked up at them briefly and returned to typing away on her keyboard. “Excuse me...”  Johnari started but the clerk held her hand. 
“Be with you shortly,” she curtly replied. Kalaya looked around the office skittishly bouncing from one foot to the other. When two loudly speaking deputies burst through the double doors Kalaya jumped bumping into Johnari. “Hey, listen calm down” Johnari instructed her. “Ok you two what do have?” the desk clerk finally asked. Johnari placed her paperwork on the counter. “Pickett Recovery & Bonds Ma'am, surrendering Kalaya Lyons on fugitive warrant.” The clerk snatched the papers off the counter and flipped through them briefly. She returned to clacking on her keyboard for a minute and picked up the phone. “Hey, I've got a prisoner who needs processing,” she told the person on the other end. “You'll receive a check in the mail in a few days,” she told Johnari. “Don't you have direct deposit?” Johnari asked miffed that she had to wait for payment. “It must go through processing and the department is using a banking service. The deposit will not be there for three days, what would you like to do?” she asked smartly. “Fine deposit it!” Johnari snarked back. The deputy arrived to get Kalaya and Johnari removed her handcuffs, so he could place his on. Kalaya looked at her weirdly before being taken away.

Alan Stewart thought about how after this evening the rest of his life would just fall into place for him. The last piece was on its way to him in just a few more hours. He could not wait to see her, hold her, smell her, and hopefully get some booty. Alan laughed at himself, "You are a fool dude" he said to himself. Alan was excited about the housewarming party. He had not seen a lot of his family and friends in a long time. Since getting out of prison he had moved around with Henry Wooten’s construction company and primarily kept to himself. It was difficult to let others see his new persona. 
Alan changed himself for the better, which was a huge accomplishment locked down for six years. He had missed so much of his life and wanted to start over, be better. Alan wanted to be a husband and father like all the other good men in the world. His counselor in prison, Mr. Wooten, was his greatest inspiration. He talked to Alan a lot about out of the streets. Finishing his education, learning a trade, and giving his life to God were the three goals that would set Alan on the right path.
Alan had no spiritual beliefs before Mr. Wooten gave him his fist Bible to read. Mr. Wooten was a youth pastor at a local church who counseled teens in trouble. He always said that it was God's path for him to reach out. To those who get left behind and bring them to God before the devil brought them to prison. Alan followed Mr. Wooten’s advice to the letter in prison, after receiving his GED. He also got a license in construction and as an electrician. Finding a job when he was released took the better part of two years. Then one of the church members gave him a chance. Then Mr. Wooten, owner of a home remodeling company, hired Alan on a probationary basis to help rebuild a small office park. 
Alan arrived at work on time every day and was the last to leave at night. Alan took work assignments wherever he was offered, most of his time in different states and sleazy motel rooms, Alan was happy to be there regardless. He made good money and stayed out of trouble. 
The only thing left for him to do was find someone to settle down with and raise his family. Alan knew who that person was already. Tawny Cameron had stayed connected with him the entire time he was locked down. She had moved away to attend Butler University and stayed to be with her son’s father. In the beginning, he did not want her to come for visits with his mother, but she came anyway, and Ms. Patty made him add her to his visitor list. Alan was happy to see her for the first time too. Tawny was wearing her usually fitted jeans that showed her perfect ass. A long-sleeved shirt that gave her breast a beautiful silhouette. Tawny wore little makeup, some eyeliner and mascara but she did not need to. Tawny was a gorgeous woman with natural beauty. Her skin tone was chocolate brown, and she had big eyes with long lashes. Her lips were plump, and her smile always made him want to kiss her. Her body was shaped with curved hips, and long thick legs. Alan had never told Tawny how he felt about her all these years. But he was in love with her. He had been in love with her since high school. 
They had always been best friends, and he never wanted to be apart from her. Tawny was coming to the party tonight. He wanted her to approve of the house and neighborhood in Krimm Fallow. After all this was all for her. He had not bought a lot of furniture yet, so she could make it home. Tawny had Ryan already, but this did not have influence. Alan knew he could be a dad to the boy. And that he was more than willing to step in and be one. He really wanted her to see the new town he helped build and it was beautiful. The house had more than enough room for them all to fit comfortably with even room for a few more. Tawny would carry his baby too! Ms. Patty had been keeping him informed about how they had been doing over the years. She and Tawny had always been remarkably close. Ms. Patty loved Tawny and if anybody were going to make sure Alan and Tawny were together, she would. Ms. Patty repeated this on every visit; every conversation lately he had with her has been about Tawny. That was a long shot, but it had never stopped him from trying to get at her before. It had been a long time since they were together. 	
Alan had to squeeze his dick because just the thought of sliding it into Tawny made him hard. He jacked his dick off many nights in jail looking at her pictures on his wall. Remembering all the time and diverse ways they had sex over the years. Tawny never knew she had been his first. The workout could wait so he dressed and headed out. Alan had to have the necessities just in case she spent the night. Condoms were not on his list; she was going to have his baby. 
Alan knew nothing could kill the good mood he was in and smiled."
 I am doing the damn thing tonight, Baby!" he said aloud intended for Tawny. Alan pulled into the parking lot of the Publix Store, making a shopping list in his head of all the items required for his special night.  A few more bottles of wine, two cases of beer for the boys. Brats and Tilapia for the grill, even some white corn. Ms. Patty and some of her friends were bringing side dishes. The rest of the guests would bring their pitch in. Pushing the cart through the drink aisle, Alan became aware of a familiar woman coming from the opposite direction toward him. The unmistakable matted weave on her head, the tight jeans and cleavage that left nothing to the imagination could be only Natasha Hughley. 
Alan had met Natasha earlier in the year renovating a double on the north side. She worked at the Rural Inn Bar on Watson Creek Rd. Natasha was no hold barred with her attitude and aggressively spoken. She would not let Alan leave with his food until he agreed to take her number. Alan had no intention of getting to know her any more than he had too. He really liked the wings and had a few more weeks to go before the job finished. "Hey, my guy" Natasha greeted him, "I was wondering where you were hiding out at, you still got my number cause it's still the same". 
Natasha had now positioned herself and her cart, so he could maneuver forward and away if he wanted to. "It’s out in the truck Tasha; just busy I guess and haven't had time to clean up my office" Alan was thinking about how to end this meeting quickly. "I’d have that truck cleaned in no time baby. you bring it to my house" Natasha had an answer for everything. "We'll see Tasha, I really need to get some things and get going though, so I'll holler at you another time." Alan started backing up his cart and going down the other aisle, he would just have to swing back around when he was sure Natasha was not still watching him walk away.

The voicemail alert on Johnari’s phone went off in rapid succession of three chimes. “Who the hell could that be?” she mumbled as she dug through the clothes on the bed in search of her cell phone. She listened as the incoherent voice rambled on about something or other, but Johnari clearly heard the woman say she had killed him. Johnari went through the caller id for the missed call from the Mourning Sheriff’s Office. She hit redial and waited for the menu options to end before selecting the front desk. “Freewood Sheriff’s Office, how may we help you?” a male voice answered. “I received a call from a female inmate, but I could understand the message officer. “Do you know who may be trying to contact me? Johnari asked. “Ma’am do know a woman by the name Patima Carlisle?” the officer responded. After six months MIA Patima had finally snapped and did the one thing Johnari might not be able to get her out of. 
	Why was she in Freewood? Johnari’s heart dropped, “yes, what’s her situation sir?” The officer sounded upset in his response. “She was arrested for the attempted murder of my brother is the bitch’s situation, and she won’t be getting out of this one, so you can save your bail money, because there’s no bond” the man sneered a hung the phone up. 
Johnari knew exactly what happened in the Freewood River. She packed her things and checked out of the hotel. She would find the girl a lawyer when she arrived back at the place she abandoned long ago. But Patima was worth the agonizing decision to return. Their bond built on survival and after what Patima did for her, it could never be broken.

An Hour later Johnari arrived at the Black Cedar Hotel. The suite furnished in an array of soft furnishings encased in dark wood gave the room a contemporary but luxurious appeal. She fumbled her keys as she reached the door, a door which should have been locked but now stood agape. She entered cautiously, setting her bags on the floor near the door.
She quietly reached into the foyer closet and drew her .38 caliber (?) from the coat pocket she kept hiding in. She peeked into the tiny kitchen first and then crept along the wall to the living room which was empty. She looked at the two-bedroom doors and stopped at the guest room. She never shut doors in her house, so this one had no reason to be closed. She raised the gun and kicked the door open. Two equally surprised women jumped off the bed as Johnari got the shock of her life.  Nanisca and Chichi smiled as Johnari lowered the weapon. “Damn, scary much bitch?” Nisca laughed sitting back down on the bed. “I don’t believe this” Johnari stated as she put the safety on the gun. The room exploded into laughter as the women rushed each other talking simultaneously.
“Wait a minute I mean what are you doing here? And why did break in?” Johnari asked.  “We heard you had some shits popping off and we’re here as back up” Chichi replied throwing herself across the bed onto her stomach.
“Don’t listen to her Johnari we’re here breaking and entering because Én Šinísañ Okikki requests your presence at the gathering” Nisca told her. “And please get that stupid as look off your face” she laughed in an obvious attempt to try and lighten the mood. Johnari quickly tried to disguise her feelings. Had it just been a coincidence that there really was something going on with Patima? She never told the coven of her past with Patima. She had been too ashamed of her life before they found her. “Why did he call a gathering?” Johnari asked. “The Adedeji (the crown has become two) Adedeji council is preparing a marriage ceremony for Regent Tiran, he says it’s time to present our coven to the throne” Nisca answered.
“One of our members is to be presented as bride candidate” Johnari said, knowing it was the best thing for the survival of the clan. No males had been birthed for centuries, and the large numbers of older Algul women were becoming restless to mate. I do not believe this is about the ceremony you” Nisca stated shaking her head. “The Regent is moving into town also, I heard he arrived a few days ago, with his special entourage in tow” half smiling as Chichi’s mouth plopped open in surprise. Chichi usually had the market cornered on the gossip and Nisca felt victorious at beating her to the punch this time. “Yeah well, we’ve got three days before the gathering to catch up, and you damn sure better be spilling the tea Nisca sense you know so much” Chichi jeered, and they all fell out laughing again.
Johnari opened her eyes to a raging headache. The three clients from last night were heavy masochists. She would have to rearrange their schedules to keep from wearing out. Her shoulders ached from the repetitive movements of swinging the whip for almost four hours.  She climbed out of bed and headed to the kitchen. Passing the guestroom, she could hear that Nisca and Chichi were already awake from Chichi’s moaning. Her chest tightened with envy for their love.  The three women have been through some of the worst imaginable circumstances together, but they always had each other to turn to for comfort. Johnari had felt left in the cold many times. She grabs the glass pot from the coffee maker and began filling it with water, as her thoughts drifted to last night. The presence had been at the club, hovering over her.
Instead of feeling fear of the unknown, she had felt more aroused than she ever had. The ardor consumed her soul burning every inch of her body. When the freezing water started spilling over her hand, she shook herself awake. Grabbing three 200mg Ibuprofen and popping them into her mouth, she began to prepare breakfast.

Johnari could not believe her luck. There he was and in the dark web chat room. After eight months Rochelle was out of hiding and back online. Johnari’s pulse quickened as she read the previous comments from the beginning. He was coming back to the city smuggling under the nose of the council. There was the place and time for the pickup. And if she could be there at the meeting place, she could follow them to the safe house. The sting was easier said than done. She had a week to plan and set up a tail. If she could get (him) to come instead of someone else the chances of succeeding would be higher. The sound of tires approaching on the gravel drive caught her attention. She never expected company because she never invited many into her life. Jolly slowed the truck down in front of the house. He listened to the truck idle loudly vibrating his seat. What was he going to say to her?
. “Sorry, for driving you and your mama way!” would that even work with Johnari. “Well, here we go then!” he whimpered climbing out of the truck. He was an old and grumpy man now having been and seen it all. The Mourning hill still gave him the creeps. Knocks on the door but gets no answer starts looking through the windows. Jolly walks around the house to the back porch. climbs the stairs and knocks at the back door. Johnari looked through the door, shocked to see him. She opens the door suspiciously, eyeing her uninvited visitor. “I wasn’t expecting anyone.” Johnari stated. “I really need you to listen...” he started to say. “There ain’t much to listen to Jolly.” Johnari calmly told him. “You hate me for what I did Lil’ Jo, I know that!” Jolly stuttered. “I’m not here to justify anything to you, I just want you to hear us out!” Jolly demanded. “Who’s us?” Johnari asked. “The Family?” she specified. “Nettie?” Johnari stated. “Yes! everyone Johnari.
“There is so much you do not know or understand about the family. “Jolly tried with her again. “You know what?” Johnari started. “Ok, I’ll listen to you.” She gave in. “But this is one time only. After this ya will leave me alone like always!” Johnari commanded. "I will, I will!" Jolly agreed. “Ama ain’t doing so well” he stated dejectedly. “She needs her stasis cycles sooner each turn.” He told her. Johnari did not know how to feel. She never got the chance to fully understand Usemi old customs. But the stasis cycles were more biology than culture. “Why is harmful?” Johnari asked Jolly. “Her next awakening may be the last Jo.” Jolly responded. “She could move on at any time afterwards.” He explained. Nama Hattie, notwithstanding preference or fairness, had given Johnari love. Equality was not a huge family trait. But each member had some sustainable portion. Johnari received her greatest ration from her grandmother. A pang of guilt peeked into her conscience. “When does she want meet?” Johnari asked. “She took a spell few days back.”, “Been in the doctor’s car ever since.” Jolly informed her. 
“Go on by the hospital.” He implored her. “Fine I’ll go tomorrow.” Johnari relented.
“Good, Good!” Jolly exclaimed. Rubbing his hands anxiously down the side of his legs. “I’d like to be left alone after today alright?” Johnari insisted. Closing the door quickly. Jolly retreated swiftly, satisfied. The tough part was over, but the hardships were just beginning. Continuing really, from past mistakes.
He hoped to mend some of his. His next mission, just as urgent, was to find his sister. Nettie would never be so forgiving of Ama, or him in any case. But he still had to try. Ama gleamed a tribulation at her last awakening. The worry of it coming so soon exhausted him immensely.
Would they all recover? The last trial ruined their people in masses. They have barely survived over the years. Jolly gunned the truck leaving a dust cloud in his trail. Ime had never been a good acquaintance of his. It disappeared as quickly as it came, and he was losing it again. “We’ll see about all that this time around.” he told himself. That old guardsman resurrecting in him. “We will just see ‘bout that!” He would start at Nettie’s last recovery center. He abandoned her long ago out of anger and betrayal. Once again forfeiting sound judgment for the greater good.


Levant stared at the woman in the holding cell. What he would not give to strangle bitch to death.
The lights popped on activated by the sheriff coming into the holding area. “I think it best if you head on over to the hospital Officer Doney.” Sheriff Hughley told him.  Levant raised himself bizarre taking one last look at the sleeping woman. “Guess your right boss, when are the Marshalls coming to get her?” Levant asked. “Not for a few days but I have assured them things are under control here deputy. We will get justice for you brother the right way you understand?” Sheriff Hughley looked suspiciously at Levant as he passed through the doorway without a response. Patima overheard the entire conversation. She felt his angry stare digging into her. The cramps in her stomach had been getting worse but she could not ask him for help. She did not want him anywhere near her baby. “Sheriff” Patima called out, “I need a doctor” she stated. Sheriff Hughley walked to the cell and leaned against the bars.
	“What’s the matter with you?” he asked. “Something is wrong with my baby” Patima said firmly. “Miss, are you pregnant?” Sheriff Hughley was shocked. “Why didn’t you ask for medical attention when you were brought in?” he stomped off to the door mumbling harshly under his breath. “Amerson!” he yelled out into the hall. A medium height woman walked into the holding area. “Get her over to the medical center to get checked out, the damn girls with child.” He spoke. Luci Amerson looked just as shocked as the Sheriff had. Patima tried to get off the hardwood bench but as soon as she stood, she went back down. I felt like all the muscles in her stomach contracted into a tight ball. Deputy Amerson helped her back to her feet and “Call an ambulance Sheriff, we not going to make to the car. Patima could barely stand so she knew getting her out of her patrol car would be difficult. 
Sheriff helped her lift Patima under an arm while Amerson pushed the chair under her from behind. Patima’s moaning and crying as Luci does her best to navigate around the building. On the elevator the baby crowns. “I can feel a head guys’” Patima screams. Her back felt like every muscle pulled around her stomach. The burning sensation accompanied a stabbing pain as the baby pushed against the opening just as paramedics arrived. “Sorry Hun but we got to put these on yah” she told Patima as she cuffed her hands in front her. “Please be alright” Patima prayed as they drove off from the station. It would not be worth it if she lost her baby. Frozen in pain Patima barely heard the EMT, “you need to push -- now!” Luci supported her back and she tried to hold her legs apart as the contractions worsened and the baby's head started to emerge. Delivering the baby in the still-moving ambulance. “It's a girl,” he said. After that, she was out, and she was perfect. This was all his fault, and She still hoped the bastard survived. Patima cried remorsefully over what she had done all the way to the hospital. EMT’s rolls Patima through the entrance of the emergency room.

The Doney Family are shocked to see the bundle in their arms. Dove walks up to the gurney and demands an answer, “Is that a baby, is her baby”? “Bitch! is Damaris the baby’s daddy” answer me bitch! the older woman screamed.
The nurses grabbed her away as EMT’s rolled Patima her and the baby through the security doors into the exam area. “Get the fuck off me” Dove shoves the man holding her away. “Wouldn't you like to know” Patima sneers before the doors close completely. “What would she have done if she lost him?” Dove worried as Levant crept into the room, ashamed of himself when he saw his little brother. He whispers and lays his hand on her shoulder. “Don’t sulk Levant” Dove scowled. “It’s been hours, and you’ve cared nothing about being here”. He was relieved when Dr. entered the room before she really got fired up. “Hi, I am Dr. Bannick, the lead surgeon on your son’s operation. He extended his hand to Dove and then to Levant. He shoved his hands into his smock pocket and rocked slightly on the heels of his feet. “Damaris suffered significant blood loss and nerves, blood vessels and muscle damage. One bullet tore through his lung and diaphragm and exited his right side.
A second bullet burrowed in his back, and a third sliced into her liver. His condition is stable, but his recovery will be arduous. We are doing our best to save his liver from failure. We will have him on dialysis and life support until the lung tissue heals and he can breathe on his own. We do want to wait until he wakes but considering the damage to his spine, we do not believe he will have partial if not full paralysis. Dove was devastated by what she had heard. It was not fair for something like this to happen to her boy. What the fuck was happening to her family. Levant rubbed his mother’s back to try and console her. She shrugged his affections off rolling her shoulder away from him. Levant hung his head sadly at her rejection of him. What had he ever done to make his own mother cold and distant? He was told to call her mother, not mommy, not mother. The most affection he had received was pat on the back or shoulders. Never hugs, never kisses, never the loving words as she had given Damaris.


Odale arrives at City Hall the next morning and he is confronted by Adenyini, who is waiting with a small group in the square. “Our esteemed Mayor is an instigator and a troublemaker.” Adenyini yelled “You’re a thief and you’re nothing” Odale replied. “And this investigation needs to continue and be completed by someone with no perceived conflict,” he said. “Therefore, I am calling for the immediate replacement of Sheriff Hughley to lead this investigation Warden Adenyini” Odale said. “My belief is that the Department is in good hands and there is no truth to the lies you’re telling the good residents of Freewood” Adenyini said. “This is ridiculous. You cannot even do what you were elected to do, and now you want to place the blame of your own failures upon our trusted and beloved Sheriff Hughley” Adenyini jeered. We are in total disarray,” Howard said. “If you are all OK with that, then fine. But I am not. We have big problems, and we cannot continue to do this. Odale pleaded. “We need someone who will do their job without bias and complicity and really investigate how you, regulate your district!” Odale asserted. 
	“I’m sure there are those who want to see a more judicious warden in charge instead of old tyrant.” “I'm thinking it's a big fucking joke,” Adenyini sneered angrily. “Just your way of keeping off the council through slander and trickery!” Adenyini insisted. The entire problem here was Adenyini's ego. He wanted to be better than Odale so badly that right fist whistled through the air. They both jabbed, sliding their feet, circling each other. What started as a meeting to decide on a new Sheriff turned into a violent fight. When tempers unraveled the punches began flying. The difference between them was evident. Adenyini landed a soft right hook with a weak follow-up jab left that caught Odale in his rock-hard stomach. Spectators crammed around “C'mon, Warden! “Someone shouted. The olive ducked right another weak punch, and shoulder rolled a thunderous hook to the head. The Odale was a blur in motion delivering a full-bodied blow to the gut that staggered and tumbled his weaker opponent which made the crowd roar. Odale began to pummel the shit-talking warden before others who gathered worked to break it up. 
Deputy (?) grabbed Odale and Kosoko restrained Adenyini. Adenyini flashed a blinding temper, and simmering rage lay beneath the surface. “This isn’t over” He threatened as he limped off, bloody, sullen, and silent.  “No one wants to fucking hear you anymore Warden!” Odale yelled angrily after him. “That motherfucker hit like he was throwing cotton.” Odale told Willie who still had a firm hold on him. “He was OK, He wasn't a great fighter maybe he’s really just a scrapper.” Willie said and the others laughed. “There is no excuse for this. It is an embarrassment to the city” Odale admonished them all. “The search for an outside investigator to lead the probe into Adenyini will be started following the former Sheriff’s voluntary resignation.” He said retreating into the building. When He arrived at his office, His assistant looked wary standing in front of the window. “You saw all that I take it?” he asked her. “Well, anyone could have seen that considering the noise in the middle of the square” Theadora Brightwood replied. “Listen Theadora, I know you’ve been friends with the sheriff for a long time, but He’s not doing his job” Odale said. 
“His complacency to turn the other cheek with Adenyini has become a serious issue for the folks living in his jurisdiction and we have to help them!” He told her and walked into his Office. Theadora looked at the computer screen but did not focus on her work. She knew he was right about the Sheriff. She herself had become privy to his dealings with the warden years ago. she had stayed his mistress for over 40 years, and this was the first time she felt the shame in their union. Even stupidity on her part. If the investigation into the Sheriff continues, she would be discovered along with the things she had done. 
The shrill of the phone startled her and she answered with an uneven voice. “Mayor Gannibal’s Office how may I help you?” it was the doctor again, “Just a moment please” she told him. She transferred the call to the mayor. “Sir I have Dr. Tessler on the line” she informed him. “Thank you, Theadora, I’ll take the call” Odale responded. “Tessler” Odale greeted curtly. “We need to talk as soon as possible” Dr. Tessler demanded. “I agree, I’ll meet you in usual place this evening” Odale said and ended the call.





The ominous clouds hovered over with humidity high, he watched the top of the tree swaying across the starlit sky. His father was somewhere on the vast property keeping to himself. They began to fondle each other in the front of the fan that was doing a terrible job at cooling them off. The guest house in the summer was the worst place for an afternoon tryst. Her fingers drifted over his body, insulated between her legs into her moistness when he pressed against her, she could feel his excitement his mouth closed on her nipple and sucked. There was a tense silence between them, a moan ripped from her lips as he shifted on top of her rope the head against her then she felt him move insider filling her stomach. She stiffened when She saw something move across the yard. She dismissed the quick moving shape as just a shadow of a tree. The Hard thrust of his cock being forced into her erased all thought of anything else. They stayed that way well into the night.
	But for a period in the 1990s, no one seemed more wealthy, powerful, and politically connected than the flamboyant Odale. But the seeds were also set for the fall of his self-made empire, He was cash-strapped, and at the end of his life. Odale Gannibal sat in his study working late at a huge red oak desk. The heavy antique was a bold reminder of his family’s rise in the castle over generations. It was made in Benin by his ancestor. He looked at budget proposals for the reconstruction project again. With the elections arriving he had to decide how to appropriate the right funds to which faction to secure his incumbency. But for a period in the 1990s, no one seemed more wealthy, powerful, and politically connected than the flamboyant Odale. But the seeds were also set for the fall of his self-made empire, He was cash-strapped, and at the end of his life. His thumb and index finger squeezed rubbing together the folds of loose skin across his brow. 
His head raged like the storm brewing outside. A boom of thunder rattled the windowpanes as thick waves of electricity severed night from day. The quick illumination gave way to the shadow lurking in the corner of the room. Startled, he shot to his feet but could not take defensive measures in time to avoid a blast of electricity that burned through his body like fire. Glass shattered and flew like razor sharp snowflakes with him out the window. He slid a distance away from the house across the slick mud and grass. He watched as the blurred vision crawled out of the window and walked toward him. The red bolts struck the ground repeatedly arcing across the air, travelling through the water layer, and electrocuting Odale. He seized and flopped about in extreme pain as powerful three hundred volts of energy heated the air to 50,000 degrees, and the hot bolts kept striking his body bolt. His clothing caught fire as deep entry and exited wounds where the energy struck them and then exited his body.  


Dove sat at the table in the large country kitchen sipping her morning coffee. It was the first time she had not made it into the diner in years.  Her mind was not right cause emotions kept getting the best of her. It will keep, now how didn't any of ya know them two were hooking up?" “Is it the time to discuss it, with things the way they are, ain’t no changing it.” “She’s from a different generation that’s just unafraid of speaking their minds.” "You are damn right!” Hydeia, hesitant to walk into the kitchen, stood against the wall listening to her mama yell at her siblings. “It is pouring water into a broken glass Mama. The boy only listens to you alone.” Levant blamed. Dove jumped up knocking her chair over and slammed her fist on the table. "Shut it!" Dove demanded. “You did not even know he left the county Levant.  Isn’t it your job to know who’s coming and going fool? Dove challenged. “Now that’s a grown man Mama!” Levant yelled. “Raise it again goddamnit!” Dove yelled back. 
"Look at you! Useless all!" Dove yelled. Levant’s jealousy only rivaled his anger in the one-sided competition between the brothers. Dove’s first heir was now Dara, and Levant was mad at his own wife's infertility. “Mama damn what’s done is done and ain’t nobody to blame but Damaris!” Charles flustered. “I know he tells you everything Chuck you damn well knew enough to stop him from doing it!” Dove countered. Which was true. He did know Damaris was sneaking off out of town. But he had been doing it for years now Charles figured he was bound to get caught. “And with that bitch!” Dove snarled dropping into her seat. “Fucking outsider trash!” She screamed. Dove held her head in her palms resting elbows on table. Her thinking position as she called it.
When she was trying to find a way through a problem. 
“That baby’s another story than the mama” Dove decided. “It’ll be brought here with us!” she started raising her head. Her I mean it face firmly planted. “Blood don’t leave blood behind yah hear?” Dove told her boys. “Hydeia, get in here and start breakfast now” Dove said over her shoulder. Hydeia’s heart jumped when mama called her name. She walked slowly into the kitchen and did what she told me. “What did she have?” Hydeia asked, setting meat and eggs on the counter. “Girl” Dove said.


Gracy landed the Learjet smoothly on the tarmac at Temple Hill and shuttled it into the hanger. The flight was short from Chicago to Indiana, but the brief calmness drifted Tiran off to sleep. Mr. (Varick) Tyrell Tiran’s assistant called to him quietly. “Mr. Templeton we’ve arrived.” Tiran opened his eyes and looked out the window. The uneven landscape draped in moonlight and shadows conquered the unease dwelling within. Home was a warm and loving name if it described a warm and loving place. Temple Hill used to be home. But the cold loneliness of the empty abode could not be described by that name anymore. The main house and cottage sat on seventy acres of fertile land. The first twenty acres were purchased on a land contract. Between his great, great grandfather and Freeman Mourning. The original founder of Freewood. The cottage was built there 360 years ago by Osiah Temple. A brilliant architect and freed slave. although his former Én Šinísañ  stole credit for his designs. “Are you ok sir?” Mr. Tyrell asked him.
“I’m fine Varick,” Tiran replied and gathered his jacket and briefcase. He left the jet getting a chuckle out seeing Gracy waiting for him in his toy. “So, you got the Bentley you wanted after all,” Tiran asked and Gracy smiled childishly. “Hey man I told you I would, same one Floyd had too!” Gracy bragged. “It’s a Golf cart dude,” Tiran laughed. “Yeah, but it’s a customized Bentley by Pennwick with chrome tilt steering and Alpine stereo!” Gracy retorted smugly. Tiran climbed in next to him and Mr. Tyrell sat in the back. Gracy cruised out of the airfield jamming to blues turned up past normal decibels. “Who is that?” Tiran asked. “Young bloods don’t do that!” Gracy snorted. “The Kings man,” “Ray Charles and BB Regent baby, ‘Sinners Prayer’” Gracy bobbed his head to the crescendo. “Get out boss!” Gracy commanded Tiran as he pulled the golf cart in front of the cottage. 
Tiran laughed conceding he had been thrown out of a vehicle he had paid for. “I’ll see you two in the morning,” he told them. He never stayed in the main house these days. The caretakers had run out of the place if the maintenance and cleaning were impeccable. Tiran dropped his things inside the foyer and headed to his room. Undressing as he went, he threw his shirt on the bed and headed for the shower. He decided to take a few days before letting the council know of his arrival. He stared at his reflection in the steamy mirror. The gray hairs were creeping their way into his hairline earlier than expected. Hopefully, it meant he would be wiser sooner than later too. After letting the hot water pelt his body from five different shower heads, he climbed into the king’s bed restless still. Dawn arrived just as slumber took him.
Tiran sat on the back deck at the cottage. The date might have meant nothing to the rest of the world. But it held a solemn place in his heart. This was the anniversary of his family’s’ death which he grieved for every year at this time. 
Void of the bold and deep red leaves. The Japanese Maple tree was that stood in the center of the memorial he erected to honor his family. The five stone statues sat beneath the tree depicting a peaceful time he remembered from long ago. It was in those times when he had reminisced that he felt the loneliest. He was a Regent of the Escrava Coventry which thrived in secret darkness. He had companions both ZILITTU KIGI  and humans who were loyal friends. But no one in his life loved like family or cherished with heart and soul. Keeping with ZILITTU KIGI  tradition now he was required to take a wife. The Temple family had to be re-established at some point. And he had put it off long enough. He just did not like any of the queen’s regents he was betrothed to.
He had never taken them sexually and had no urges in that category for any woman. He sometimes wondered if his adulthood would work at all. When the time came to offer up the family jewels, he was not sure he could. “Mr. Temple”, his assistant Tyrell called from the back-patio doors. “Yes Varick”, he replied rising from the deck chair leaving his emotional state for reality. “There’s a call for you Sir on the private phone”, Tyrell informed him and stepped aside as he entered the house. “I’ll take it in my room, can you bring the car around please I might be stepping out”, he asked his longtime companion. He ascended the stairs to his room. He picked up the receiver to the satellite phone on the desk in his room and greeted the caller “Hello.”  “The usual spot at dawn”, the husky voice on the other end spoke and disconnected the call. Tiran hung the phone up and walked into the bathroom. Turning on the walk-in shower he undressed and stood under the cold spray until the water turned hot. The evening ahead looked full of surprises he thought as he prepared himself to go to his usual spot when in the city. 




Tops and Bottoms or TBs as members nicknamed it. Was a private club that catered exclusively to the BDSM lifestyle. He approached the man sitting alone on a retaining wall at the bottom of a grassy knoll. “Gottingham” Tiran greeted the burly man “Sir, you look well enough.” The man said as he rose and fell in step beside his Én Šinísañ .“That old slave driver does a respectable job keeping up with your health I see.” Gottingham sneaked at the reference to Gracy’s past life. “So, what has you chancing coming out?” Tiran asked, getting down to business. For Gottingham to break cover for face to face, something serious was going on. “The Ojiji finally made an appearance in New Orleans taking the woman hostage was a clever idea to draw him out, but he’s escalating in the attacks on the Vein shipments.”
Gottingham stopped walking and addressed Tiran directly. 
“Who is he?” Tiran asked. “He goes by Wizard but keeps mostly in background.”  Tiran stared ahead into nothing as the ramifications of just one name threatened to destroy all for which he had worked. “Contact Jacobs immediately, we’ll need all of our surveillance teams to locate him!” Tiran commanded through clinched teeth. Gottingham’s beefy hand gently landed on his shoulder in a sign of support. “I’ve already contacted Jacobs and he’s preparing two teams of hybrids as we speak.” “We may very well have a war on our hands, the first thing we need to know is how many we’ll have to face and if they are turned into (?)” Tiran replied. “I’ll keep you inform of the progress Én Šinísañ .”  Gottingham told him as he walked away.


The driver dumped her only bag into the trunk as she settled into the cab. Caraline could feel Dr. Adair staring down at her from the lobby windows. She looked back solemnly at first then her face slid into a devious smirk as the breeze gushing through the window blew across her face. She had never enjoyed the fresh air more than she did at that moment. The cab pulled over near the curb to let the emergency vehicles and police pass. They swarmed the parking lot for diner. She looked out the window as they slowly crept past the scene. Everything in Freewood had changed. This new tapestry was confounding to her senses. Caraline threw her luggage on top of the bed and looked around the room. The bohemian décor suited her, but the room itself was smaller than she imagined. It was still better than the sterile yellow room she had previously occupied. As she unpacked, she wondered if the assistants at Rosehaven bought for her were in fashion.
She could go shopping for a few things later in the week. She wanted her first impression with her new residents to be memorable. She finished in less than fifteen minutes with her move in since she owned only the things she carried in with her. The apartment was completely furnished, and someone had already done the food and supply shopping, she realized as she inspected the kitchen. She looked out the small bay window onto Watson Road. It was a quaint little street full of upscale mom & pop retail shops. The goods being sold varied from fancy tailored to eccentric homemade items. The people wandering about were just as assorted as the lives they lived. You never really knew who anyone was in a city like this. The demons hide in their dark places that infest souls. She sat there watching the demons most of the afternoon, by early evening the streetlights dimly glowed, heralded nights approaching darkness.
She closed the curtains and checked the locks throughout the house. As she gathered her bath things together, she wondered about him. The temperature hovered around the freezing mark on the night of Last Masquerade ball. A night that was supposed to be a fresh start for the eldest of seven, and her father’s strict upbringing and occasional beatings, fostered a maternal streak that strengthened as she grew up. Two years later, when Evelyn was 15 or 16, she fell down a flight of stairs and knocked herself unconscious. Hospital x-rays did not find anything amiss, but Evelyn began to “have spells”, black out, shake uncontrollably and emerge in a daze. Years later she was diagnosed with epilepsy. At the time nobody, not all Evelyn, understood what was happening to her. But her condition also changed other things inside of her.
It was the emergence of her witch powers which she hid well. She used them only when necessary because they were out of control. When her father discovered the child was half-breed, he wanted to kill him and send his daughter away. She ran away instead. realized she had made a sacrifice to keep her child alive. By the late-Seventies, word about all of this was going out and the authorities in many countries were cracking down on the cults. Walking through the Art Museum enjoying the tranquil atmosphere and eclectic works, Sitra was tight with anticipation. She hated meeting with her but the power they gave her was indescribable. Her covens’ powers had waned since the covenant was made between the factions.


Audra Pierce, ELI’s Department of Biomedical Research Senior Scientist of Gene Therapy and Immunology Research. Distressed, she could barely keep her eyes open reading reports since her senior assistant stole her research and disappeared. “Dr. Pierce” Prendis Vaneman, her personal assistant called knocking on the open door. “Yes! What is it?” Audra replied irritably. “Dr. Ellicott is waiting to start the meeting.” He impatiently responded. “I’m sorry please let her know I’ll be in shortly Prendis.” Audra instructed. Prendis mumbled to himself as he yanked softly shutting the door. Audra massaged her burning, itchy eyes caused by sleep deprivation. It had been weeks maybe since she had a full night’s rest. The audacity of that measly selfish mouse stealing from her. Her arrogance was destroying everything Audra had worked for. Project A.V.A was her greatest achievement.
	She walked stoically in weariness to the conference room. The AHRR Reproductive DNA Methylation Therapy Study team looked anxious and just as tired as she felt. The ARIES (AHRR Reproductive Immunological Elicited Serum) V Antigen had taken numerous people an arduous twenty-six years to develop. Magana Ellicott stood in front and center already talking over the new security measures enacted within Kiricalis. The Chrysalis housed the ASE (Androgynous Symbiont Entity), a biological clone produced with a Progenitor Immortal cell with both male and female physical characteristics. Her father, loathed and imprisoned for his research, birthed ASE. The genius saving their race who would destroy and despoil him. She wondered what the old man felt now as the sacrifices he made bore fruit. Audra had reached the finish line her father had not. Using an Usemi embryo, through in-vitro fertilization (IVF) with sperm from ASE, she was able to achieve full term pregnancy in the Proxy. 
	Plasma enriched with the ARIES V Antigen was used to reduce the maternal anti-D concentration. The treatment started at 14 weeks' gestation, month four of pregnancy. And continued until the fetus was successfully delivered at 35 weeks gestation. Month eight they discovered the embryonic stem cells were replete with the Progenitor Variance Cell. Whereas month nine contained anomalies, the hybrid variance cell cluster. Audra did not expect a video conference to be in progress with ELI’s research institutional review board. Comprised of the very doctors, healers, and elders who had worked with and against her father. “Welcome Dr. Pierce!” Dr. Wilhelmina Jassaint greeted. “Good morning doctors” Audra replied curtly.  “We’re discussing the changes to protocols effective immediately.” Dr. Jassaint approves of her. “And what has the board revised?” Audra asked. “Firstly, Dr. Ellicott will be the supervising lead research scientist over the ARIES Project.” Professor Barrow Fothergill stated. 
	Audra immediately became infuriated. “Just who the hell do you people think you are?” Audra exclaimed. “You would have nothing!” She spat enraged. “Dr. Pierce!” Dr. Arcilus Wakefield cried. “NO!” Audra demanded, “You lecherous hypocrites, you’re not taking everything from me like did to my father!” she accused. “Dr. Pierce that will be enough, this is not about you or Wura, but the success of the clan as a whole!” Dr. Colinda Quarles pressed. “SHUT UP!” Audra cried, “If you think Magana can lead this team without me have at it!” Audra acceded. “Please Audra, calm down” Director Reginald Lindley requested. “You can’t do this to me!” Audra stated, “The core research of ARIES is based on is still controlled by me!” Magana would not know where to begin with the stabilizers!” Audra stewed. “Now listen Doctor Pierce that research belongs to ELI under intellectual property, you know this” Ameline Chambers warned her. 
	Tingling skin, stiffening posture, and rigid muscles preceded her hurling a coffee mug at the wall monitor shattering the screen. There was a small yelp from Cranel Dabney, a few surprised gaps, and an appalled silence by her behavior from the board. The depredation and humiliation left a heavy feeling in her stomach which slowed her flight out of the room. Audra vowed to pay back in-kind the abuses inflicted on her family. Their impertinence to believe they had immunity from these transgressions fueled her vengeance. Magana would find nothing but failure in her unearned succession. The chrysalis’s original inhabitant was the reason Ase Assinnu existed. Without its genetic material they had no way of reproducing more. Unlike Audra who already had enough samples of her own in gestation. The second chrysalis was all she had left, and she would do everything to protect it. Prendis stormed into her office, she assumed the meeting was over. The revised protocols he must have vehemently disagreed with since he cursed all the individuals involved. 
	“That BITCH!” he shrieked. “She replaced all of us on team A with Team B members!” Prendis yelled. “There’s no way they can get away with this!” he exclaimed. “What are we going to do about this?” Prendis questioned Audra. “For now, nothing!” Audra answered. “Why!” Prendis shrieked again, throwing his arms wildly around. “Do what you need to get through this Prendis because we still have work to do!” Audra shouted testily.  She grabbed her satchel and files and walked out leaving Prendis to simmer about it on his own. Derris Duncannon strolled towards her down the hall. “I was on my way to you” the security captain said hesitantly. “You can go speak to Dr. Ellicott who’s in charge now Mr. Duncannon” Audra informed him. “That’s’ why I needed to see you.”, “I actually have to swap your ID badge for this new one” he told her holding the item out to her. She unclipped her old one, shoving it into his hand before snatching the new out the other. “I’m really sorry about this Dr. Pierce!” he shouted behind her as she walked away.


Johnari pulled her black ‘94 Toyota Supra with a targa top into the parking space. Her Perro de Presa dog, Beni sat asleep in the back seat. She walked into the Law Office of Athain Gannibal and waited for more than two hours before he emerged from his office with his afternoon guest. Johnari could smell the sex and Febreze waft out the room ahead of them. He walked the woman out to the elevators before returning to greet Johnari. She was slow to rise in her irritation with the man. “Ms. Rayfield, a pleasure” he greeted, “Please come into my office where we can get started ”Athain spoke gesturing her towards the office. All Johnari could think was how much bullshit she was about to go through. Athain walked behind her admiring the thick thighs at the top of slender legs, connected to curvy hips which encased a plump rear end. “Well, well, well Jo it has been a while” Athain stated as he motioned her into the chair before him. “It would have been longer too if Patima did not let her anger get the best of her. 
This woman was the perfect mix of soft but firm. “Mr. Gannibal you know of what happened at the diner in town, I am sure. I would like for you to represent her.” Johnari asked. “I assumed you’re here regarding Ms. Slade,” Athain replied “Sure, I’ll take her case, but you’ve got to know that the criminal case is the least of her worries.” Athain started. “What do mean by that?” Johnari asked. “She attacked a member of the Koventri Jo, she’ll have to go before the council too!” “Let’s just worry about things happening now and not the things to come!” Johnari stated wearily. “We’ll have to figure the rest out as we go” she told him. “Alright, let’s get to it then!” he told her excitedly. “As luck might have it, I have already been assigned this case! I am the public defender in Freewood”. 
Johnari was not sure why he was so eager, but having ulterior motives were like stripes on a zebra. Athain could never get rid of them. They talked over the case for another two hours before Johnari left. Johnari believed Patima had gotten better since her release from the hospital four years ago, she had spent her entire adolescence in a maximum-security ward for the fire. She was glad that Athain could use it as evidence for a mental instability defense. Johnari was about to see if lightning would strike her again.


The Gannibal family gathered in Littlewater CME Church before the services began. Athain held his mother's arm as he walked her to the casket. He stood silently grieving over his father's body as his mother sobbed against his chest. her thin body trembling faintly struggling to hold itself up. Zenoah Gannibal was a good mother, loving wife, and community leader. She sat upright and proper in the first pew. With legs and arms crossed. Veil draped fashionably over her face. Her heart was crushed staring at him lying there. He risked his life not for the family or the order. But for another mistress. A crowd several rows deep started every seat and lined the walls, but there was total silence. Dozens of people from the community, friends, and family, came to the memorial to share memories and mourn his loss. Bishop Zedekiah Priestly opened, “We thank you for sharing your worship and praise with us, Amen!” “Amen!” they all responded. 
“I will bless the Lord at all times, His praise shall continually be in my mouth!” Bishop Priestly praised.
“Oh, magnify the Lord with me! Let us exalt His name together!” He avowed. “For his truth shall endure through all generations. Blessed is the One that trusts in Him!” Bishop Priestly encouraged them. “We worship him in Spirit and in truth Selah!” He ended. “If you know who God is and his keeping power, for has kept you, sustained and blessed you. Let us praise him right now! To God be the glory for the important things he has done in your lives.” Bishop Priestly acclaimed.  “The Giver of every pure & perfect gift.” “Good is going to come out of this! I know who my God Is!” Bishop Priestly exalted. “His grace is glorious, His love is everlasting, and His healing is miraculous. I want you to hear me right now.” He implored them. “During this time grieving an unbearable and tragic loss of life and love.” 
“During this time of fear and aching, don’t be afraid that you are abandoned or forsaken.” “Because I can tell you, that my triumphs in God are numerous and unimaginable.”  “I am never scared to trust in God! Bishop Priestly inhaled a quick breath “I want to begin today with one of my favorites, Psalm 27:1  “The Lord Is My Light and My Salvation, when you find it say Amen!” “The Lord is my light and my salvation whom shall, I fear?” Bishop Priestly asked. “The Lord is the stronghold of my life, of whom shall I be afraid?” he asked again. “When evil men advance against me to devour my flesh, when my enemies and my foes attack me, they will stumble and fall. Though an army besieges me, my heart will not fear!” Bishop Priestly shouted. “Though war breaks out against me, even then will I be confident.” He proclaimed.
“One thing I ask of the Lord, this is what I seek.”

Bishop Priestly inhaled a quick breath “That I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to gaze upon the beauty of the Lord and to seek him in his temple.” “For on the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwelling.
“He will hide me in the shelter of his tabernacle and set me high upon a rock. Then my head will be exalted above the enemies who surround me.”  “At his tabernacle will I sacrifice with shouts of joy!” Bishop Priestly shouted. “I will sing and make music to the Lord.” Bishop Priestly swore. “Hear my voice when I call, O Lord!” Bishop Priestly shouted. “Be merciful to me and answer me. My heart says of you, do not turn your servant away in anger; you have been my helper. Do not reject me or forsake me, O God my Savior.” Bishop Priestly shouted. “Though my father and mother forsake me, the Lord will receive me.” Bishop Priestly stated. “Teach me your way O Lord, lead me in a straight path because of my oppressors.” “Do not turn me over to the desire of my foes, for false witnesses rise up against me, breathing out violence.”
“I am still confident of this: I will see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living. Wait for the LORD; be strong and take heart and wait for the LORD. Paul said in Romans 5:12, that “through one man, sin entered the world and death through sin, and thus death spread to all men.” “But death does not merely remind us of the universal nature of mankind’s problems. We live in a fallen, imperfect world. We are reminded of mankind’s failings, flaws, and limitations.” “There is a period when we are, as the Bible describes, “absent from the body” and “present with the Lord.”
 “That when one dies, they are immediately with the Lord.” “Our savior in Christ Jesus went immediately into the presence of God.” “Let not your hearts be troubled. Believe in God!” “Believe also in me, in my father’s house are many rooms.” 
“If it were not so, would I have told you that I go to prepare a place for you?” “And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and will take you to myself, that is where I am you may be also!” Bishop Priestly shouted. “And you know the way to where I am going.” Bishop Priestly shouted. “And everyone who lives and believes in me shall never die.” “For if we live, we live to the Lord, and if we die, we die to the Lord.” Bishop Priestly shouted. “So then, whether we live or whether we die, we are the Lord's.” Bishop Priestly shouted. “The Lord is my light and my salvation, whom shall, I fear?” Bishop Priestly shouted. “The Lord is the stronghold of my life, of whom shall I be afraid?” Bishop Priestly shouted. “I ain’t never scared to trust in God!” Bishop Priestly shouted.
“Jesus said I am the resurrection and the life.”, “Whoever believes in me, though he dies, yet shall he live, and everyone who lives and believes in me shall never die!” Bishop Priestly shouted. “Do you believe this?” Bishop Priestly asked demandingly. “C’mon now somebody, the resurrection, and the life.? He tells us, “I will come again and will take you to myself, that where I am you may be also. And you know the way to where I am going.” “Isaiah 40:31, But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.” “But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength.” All the loss you are feeling right now may seem incomparable. But be of good courage! Be of quality of mind or spirit that enables a person to face difficulty. Call upon our spiritual courage when we consider our own mortality and vulnerability with the mysteries of life.
“They shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint. the resurrection and the life! Brother, Son, Father, Husband, and friend, Odale. “The righteous cry out, and the Lord hears them. he delivers them from all their troubles.” “The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit. “The righteous person may have many troubles, but the Lord delivers him from them all; he protects all his bones, not one of them will be broken.
“Then I heard a voice from heaven say, “Write this: Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord from now on.” “Yes,” says the Spirit, “they will rest from their labor, for their deeds will follow them.” Matthew 4:16 the people living in darkness have seen a great light; on those living in the land of the shadow of death a light has dawned.” 
“Who hath wrought and done it, calling the generations from the beginning? I the Lord, the first, and with the last. I am him. The isles saw it and feared; the ends of the earth were afraid, drew near, and came. They helped everyone, his neighbor; and everyone said to his brother, “Be of good courage. “This is a discouraging time in our lives, the devil works overtime in these situations.”, “What we think he does is reveal the inner secrets of our hearts, the dark angry emotions we try to hide.” Pastor spoke. “Is there a witness?” he asked. “Amen!” remarked the congregation. “I’m here to tell you don’t believe the lie that the devil whispers under the guise of grief and despair!”, “Be of good courage.” He stated. “Do not Let Go! Let God’s mercy keep you!”, “Who hears me?” He exclaimed. “Amen!” they shouted.
“Let God’s love embrace your spirit in these troubling times and keep you whole!”, “Be of good courage!” “Let God’s strength keep you steadfast!”, “Angels keep watch over me my lord!” testified Pastor. “Be of good courage.”, “For God’s goodness and God’s grace.” “Be of good courage!” He shouted. “For the wonderful savior we have in Jesus Christ, be of good courage!” Pastor joyously reiterated. “For the precious gift we have in the Holy Spirit, from whom all blessing flow!” “Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you; he “will never leave you nor forsake you.” He advised. “Finally, be strong in the Lord and in his mighty power.” “For the Spirit God gave not a spirit of fear, but of love and self-control.” He reassured them.
“Peace, I leave with you; my peace I give you. I do not give to you as the world gives. Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid!” He encouraged me. “Deacon (?), will you now come and for the Benediction.” Deacon (?), His short round frame ambled up the steps and walked to the podium. “Merciful Father hear our prayers and comfort us.”
“Renew our trust in your son, who you raised from the dead.” Beseeched the Deacon. “Strengthen our faith that all your people who have died in the love of Christ will share in his resurrection, who lives and reigns with you, now and forever.”
“May we, and those who have departed, be blessed with the benefits of Jesus’ death and resurrection., Amen!”  “Amen!” rejoined the blessed.” “Let us look with faith to the day when Jesus will return, and we will enjoy the fullness of your promises for eternity.” “The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God and the fellowship of the Holy Spirit be with you all.” Avowed the Pastor. The Choir sang…

The Battle Is the Lord's
There is no pain Jesus cannot feel.
No hurt He cannot heal.
For all things work according to His perfect will
No matter what you are going through Remember God is using You.
For the battle is not yours, it is the Lord’s.
There is no sadness Jesus cannot feel.
And there is no sorrow that He cannot heal.
For all things work according to the Én Šinísañ ’s holy will
No matter what you are going through.
Remember that God is only using You!
For the battle is not yours, it is the Lord’s.
It is the Lord's, yes, it is the Lord’s.

While the choir sang softly, a line formed for last respects. The family walked first holding each other up. “What have you done today, Athain?” (?) asked shakily while walking to the front. (?) stand over the casket feeling empty inside. Self-blaming for being there while it happened unable to save his father. “I am lucky enough to be sitting here today!”
Athain felt his ability to cope with his emotional distress was waning. “I’ll never forget this.” He bowed his head in quiet respect as they cried together. Later they would laugh and share stories. “To have to do this is not fair. Mourners read the obituary as (?) gives the eulogy. “He was just good people and didn’t deserve what happened.”  “That's why, not just Freewood River is hurting over this.” “Lot of people in tears throughout our community.” He spoke. “We have all either cried or wanted to cry these last few days.
“Brother Gannibal loved hard, fought hard, and cared hard with everything he gave one hundred percent. “This is a good thing,” the bishop told the crowd. I know he would hug everyone and say I love you.” “We’re not through it and it’s going to be a long time before we are too!” The outpouring of support was noticed. Athain had a range of feelings, including shock, numbness, denial, anger, guilt, and yearning. He led his family in procession behind a horse-drawn gun carriage bearing the coffin, before it was placed on a platform. The clan meeting guests arrived before sunset. Athain’ s ascension to Vara Nasi would begin upon the hour of his birth. His hangover began the night before. Spending most of yesterday in bed, he had slept off and on. He stared at the ceiling lying naked on sheets soaked with sweat. 
The ceremonial garment hung pressed and scented next to the dressing mirror. A representation of the monumental agony he felt becoming the house leader. Athain refused to put it on his body. His 121st birthday would become the second worst day of his life. His father's death being number one. He never wanted the position under these circumstances, no one else had either. Zenoah, tragically stoic throughout it all, spent her mourning period planning the Bīt rimiki. Married 90 years and two became one overnight. She had to feel deeply pained through every second of it. Looking forward to her mourning reclusion at Widow's Peak, a limestone octagon dwelling. 
Athain could hear the gentle clack of her dress shoes coming down the hall. a naturally quiet woman who did everything softly. His mother talked, walked, and touched softly so he knew it was her gently knocking at his door. "Athain baby" Zenoah tenderly called for him. "Yes!" Athain respectfully answered. "Are you ready, it’s almost time for the greeting." Zenoah asked him.  "I need a few more" Athain told her. "Ok baby!" her soothing voice told him she understood. Sitting at the foot of the bed he silently wept. Zenoah retreated humming in a resonant timbre masking her own cries. Zenoah, a dream walker, knew it would be difficult for the family to perform the Bit rimiki. Their oldest grand rites tradition had to be done.  She decided to go ahead of him to Black Bridge. Where the Blackmoor family crypt and graves rested. She gathered her things from her bedroom taking one last look around. The grand bedroom with walnut panels and cross beams permeated with lingering smell of Odale’s cologne.

The Gannibal Tumulus brick vault buried deep beneath the mound on the east slope of the property was opened on the third day of mourning. The family procession walked down the sloped passage into the antechamber of the tomb.
Filled with votive statues of assorted sizes, personal mementos, and the clans Emim or "the dreaded ones". Golems placed in an alcove that circled the room. They are possessed by the ancestor’s spirit when called upon by a member of the bloodline and used for purposes. The second room of the tomb housed sacred relics, amulets, and ancestral bloodline stored in the Narua Kimah. A serpentine based totem composed of twelve pentagonal sides carved with the faces of clan zeniths. Topped with hundreds of circular stacked Isriqs. A polished turritella agate slated stone engraved with the name of an ancestor.
The Isriqs’ each imbued with a Gidim or half soul. Created at time of death, taking on the memory and personality of the dead person. Stained with their blood on the day of their first awakening and again on those that followed. Athain walked around the monument which stood half his size. He laid his father’s Isriqs next to his grandfather’s. Realizing for the first time what it meant. After their grieving period he would become Naamba of House Blackmoor. Zenoah rubbed her son’s back sensing his thoughts as always. Feeling the huge weight placed upon her eldest’s shoulders and knowing this was the only support she could give. She hummed consoling them both and softly sang her favorite hymnal “I Don't Feel No Ways Tired”. Zenoah’s own stoic heartache flowing with it. Those who knew the tune hummed softly in the background.

“I don't feel no ways tired.” “I've come too far from where I started from.” “Nobody told me that the road would be easy.”
“I don't believe He brought me this far to leave me.” 
An emotional encouragement of steadfast harmony to tread onward with the weight of their grief. They all gathered closer to the emanating warmth from the totem. Its aura’s subtle glow encasing them like a hug from the ancestors.


Johnari walked in the Thorne & Thistle, surprised to see Athain. Head down in his chest sitting at a table. His lethargic state immediately concerned her. “Hey, you alright?” she asks, tapping him on the shoulder. Athain stumbles getting up knocking the table sending glasses and bottles crashing to the floor. Theres nothing right now!” he mumbled aggressively to her. He could barely keep his head high to meet her gaze. She understood he was trying to hide that he was roiling with pain inside. Athain seemed to idolize his father and could not oversee his death. She envied him for having such a close-knit family. “Hey, you can’t tear shit up in here man.” Dayne yelled across the room from behind the bar. Getting the attention of a large man sitting in a corner booth. “Mind your fucking business.” Athain slurred loudly. “Watch you fucking mouth!” the big guy responded back walking closer to Athain.  “Athain!” Dayne yelled. “I know you’re in a bad way sweetie but calm down.” She asked firmly. 
“What the fuck do you know Dayne?” he argued. “Hey, ok man you gotta go!” the big guy commanded him. He rushed Athain grabbing hold of him and shoving him towards the door. “it’s ok JD.” Dayne told him. “Muthafucker let go!” Athain demanded, trying to snatch his arm loose. Joedell’s grip did not budge. Joedell Walker stood firm while keeping Athain on the tips of his feet. “Look then you need to get your shit together!” Joedell explained, releasing his arm. “No, you need to mind your fucking business bro, ain’t got shit to do with you” Athain threatened. Drunkenly squirming in the one-handed grip of the six-five 300ilb giant.
“Bear honey let him loose.” Dayne asked Joedell gently. Joedell let go and Athain fell sprawling back into his seat. Athain glared at the man but said nothing else. Johnari stood back out of the way as the server and bouncer cleaned up the mess. “What can I get you?” a male voice asked from behind her. Johnari looked back to find the one person she did not want to be in a room with, Darian Conti. “Long island iced tea.” Johnari responded. She sat at a table encouraging more space between them. “When’d you get back?” Darian asked her. “Few days ago.” Johari answered. “How you been?” he continued knowing she really had nothing to say to him. “Let’s not please?” Johnari insisted politely.
Darian walked away leaving them both feeling awkwardly unsettled. It had been a mutual separation under the circumstances. Neither of them argued for themselves with those who were against their union. It was the deciding moment that it was time to leave Freewood Rivers. Now she is back facing every dark and fucked up moments of her early life. She glanced around the bar at the other patrons. Familiar faces had changed over time, but she still recognized the false comradery disguising the blatant animosity. They were all content with love coming from adversity besides freely given. They had learned from suffering through the worst together made love stronger. It was the glue holding their community together. It would be naive for anyone to think that conflicts were not caused by emotional entanglements. Johnari felt at her weakest trying to resolve whether to go with the flow, or against the grain. She would seem to always choose the latter. 


Alan was grabbing another beer from the cooler. Some of the guests had already arrived and were mingling on the back lawn. Ms. Patty was running to the kitchen reheating the food from the diner. Mr. Wooten was cursing the Propane grill and Alan wondered what was keeping Tawny. Jeff Martindale and Jay Dunbar, two of the guys on his work crew approached him. "You really got this place looking good Al" admired Jeff, "You could probably use another coat of stain on the deck but man it looks good!" Alan handed Jeff another beer who was his supervisor on most of the earlier jobs and all-around good guy. He had his long-term girlfriend Rhonda with him. She was not much to look at and overweight, but her height made some of it look natural. Alan guessed she had to be at least 5'11, Jeff was about 6'10 and 320 lbs. They made an impressive pair. Jay on the other hand was the average womanizer. He had a story about a different woman daily. 
The good-looking pretty boy type that could not and would not let a lady walk by without pushing up on her. Jay usually had her number in a few minutes. He came to the party stag of course and was complaining about the dwindling number of women there.  The street was packed with cars, for someone who kept to himself Alan still had a lot of friends. Tawny saw some people they grew up with, and a few fresh faces. Ms. Patty and Mr. Wooten invited all their friends and coworkers that explained the blues music roaring through the backyard. Tawny and Kenyatta made their way to the patio. She could see Alan huddled in a corner with some guys talking and laughing. She was glad to see him, and he looked extremely comfortable. "Hey, we got some nice-looking men up in here" Kenyatta greeted the group of men.
"Hey baby girl, it's been a while since I heard that big mouth" Alan told Kenyatta giving her a quick hug. "What took you so long" he asked Tawny as he leaned over to hug her too. "I'm right on time man; I like this house" Tawny stood with her arm around his waist smiling.  “Thanks, I still got a few things to touch up but I'm glad you like it" he told her, and he was. "Where's Mama at, I need to give her this food, I know if I came any later my phone would be dead from her call." Kenyatta headed into the house and Tawny followed behind her. "Now it's looking good around here" Jay said following Kenyatta 's ass until she was out of sight. "Man, who was that?" jay asked Alan. "Two of my closest friends, we all grew up together, Tawny and Kenyatta" Alan replied still watching them walk through the house. 
"I'll be back," he told Jeff and Quinten and headed into the house. "Yeah, which one of them are you chasing so I can go after the other one" Jay chuckled. Alan smiled to himself, Jay could not get Kenyatta, if anything the head strong woman would get him first. They were standing around the kitchen talking and laughing with Ms. Patty and Geneva, a skinny woman with big hair and an even bigger voice, Alan could not believe so much came out of so little. "Let me get you something to drink" he asked Tawny as he stood next to her. “I brought some wine for the ladies, I know there has to be enough beer here already" she replied,” where the glasses at". Alan got a wine glass from the cabinet and sat it on the counter. 
He pulled the cork out and poured Tawny a glass, “Come on I'll show the rest of the house" Alan told her giving her the wine. "Damn Al, what’s up with my glass, you are such a bad host I know I'm taking all my food home" Kenyatta complained and poured her own glass of wine. "You got it" Alan told her pulling Tawny laughing into the dining room. "You know what you can do for me" Kenyatta bent over and tapped her ass, "that’s right smooches!" and she drank almost half the glass in one sip continuing her conversation with Patty and Rosetta. Alan and Tawny walked through the first level of the house; it looked much bigger on the inside, she thought, than outside. The rooms were huge with lofty ceilings and hardwood floors, she could smell the finish still from the stain and gloss on them. There was only a couch and love seat in the middle of the room with an old table.

Alan's favorite recliner that used to be in the basement at Ms. Patty's. She had given it to him for Christmas before his incarceration. A stained-glass floor lamp that looked antique was next to it positioned right in front of the flat screen 47-inch TV. Tawny knew this was where he spent most of his time. “You still have that chair, how old is it" Tawny asked. Alan just smiled and said, “I'll be buried with that chair don't play about my baby now". Upstairs had four bedrooms and a large bathroom with a separate tub and shower. The tub was old with the claw feet and copper faucet. The shower was new, it had spouts on two sides with brown and cream marble tiles. The primary bedroom was beautiful with soft plush burgundy carpet, two large French doors leading out to balcony overlooking the backyard. 
The walk-in closet is covered with mirrors and shelves along one side and clothes racks on the other. "Oh, I can see all my stuff fitting in here perfectly" Tawny let out in excitement. "This is a really nice house Alan" Tawny praised him, "When I get enough money saved, I want you to build me a closet like this Ok" she told him. "Alright but by then I might be too old to do it" Alan teased her. "You ain't right for that Alan" Tawny rolled her eyes at him" me and Ryan might have to move in with you so do not make any plans" she told him pushing him playfully in his chest. Alan knew she had been joking around but that was exactly what he wanted her to do. "You could if you wanted, I wouldn't charge you much in rent” he humored her. 
“But you would have to cook, clean do laundry, maybe some of them special perks late night" Alan said hugging Tawny from behind as she looked out the balcony door. "Sounds like you need a wife baby, not a roommate" Tawny told him. “I do want one, but ain't nobody stepping up" Alan said he was having a tough time resisting the smell of her perfume and warmth of her body. Her ass was in the right spot to bend her over and hit it from the back.  All he had to do was raise that sexy sundress up and slide her panties down. Alan kissed her on the back of her neck, "I missed you Tawny". Tawny had not realized until he said it that he had become aroused, the bulge was poking her in the ass as he pressed it up against her. 
She did not know what to say in return, so she said nothing, just stood there as Alan's hands worked their way down her stomach to her inner thigh and back up between her legs. “What are you up to Alan" Tawny asked,” I missed you Tawny" Alan repeated and stepped around to face her. “I missed our friendship too Alan." Tawny's words hurt Alan just a little, she considered them friends. Even though he was trying to show her he wanted to be more. “Hey, you two there are people downstairs for you to meet" Jay had entered the room and startled them both, "we were just on our way back down" Tawny said and walked out the room.
Jay made a sad face at Alan who gave him a shove. “You know your timing is terrible" Alan told him and headed for the stairs. when Alan and Jay reached the kitchen Ms. Patty was already introducing Tawny to the rest of the guests.
Tawny and Alan both had a fun time the rest of the evening. Tawny was sure her and Kenyatta would get along and made plans before she left to get together for a night out when she moved to Krimms Fallow. Alan just could not wait to see her again.


Dana Stone was terrified sitting in the passenger seat while Durrell Watson drove recklessly down the narrow one lane road. He had crossed over the double lines more than a few times and now he just drove over it down the middle of the street. Mashonda Wells and Cedric Morrison were in the backseat laughing, smoking a joint and sharing a bottle of Grey Goose. Mashonda passed the bottle to Dana, but she did not want it anymore. She was car sick from Durrell’s driving, who took the bottle. “Hey babe, why don’t you wait until we get there to drink?” Dana asked calmly. “What, I got this D,” he laughed. “Then please slow down or I’m going throw up,” Dana whined releasing her seat belt as she rolled the window down. Durrell swerved the car again across the road losing control briefly before regaining control.  He did not see the large animal darting out of the tree line before they crashed into it. The car stopped like it had hit a brick wall, hard! 
Slamming the teens forward, glass shattered all around them with the deafening crunch of metal. The wounded animal roared loudly as it climbed onto the mangled hood. Durrell screamed terrified that the beast, which was no animal he had ever seen before rose before. Mashonda and Cedric both cowered in the back screaming as well. Durrell laid on the horn hoping to scare it off. It just snarled menacingly at him baring large, spiked teeth in a jaw bigger than his head. He cried harder than he ever had staring into the yellow eyes of death. Headlights from an oncoming vehicle startled the monster back into the trees. Durrell watched it run off thanking God loudly for his life. It was then he noticed the seat next to him empty and blood covering the windshield in front of where Dana should have sat. 

“Oh God, oh God,” he wailed searching the road for her. At the foot of a tree, he found her motionless, her body contorted unnaturally. Garrett Jacobs thought what he saw was just a deer in a road accident.  But as he got closer, he knew the large animal climbing onto the car was nothing from the known animal kingdom. It was the size of a bear but had long legs, pointed ears and an elongated muzzle. Jacobs watched the giant canine bear run off his tires screeched. 
The truck slid to a stop in front of the car when he slammed the brakes. He jumped out, gun in hand. Ran to the spot where the beast entered the woods. He saw nothing and heard nothing coming from inside the trees. Only the extremely terrified people screaming for his help. Every instinct pulled him to go after the creature and either capture or kill it. They were alive if they were making sounds, and he was already calling emergency services. 
“Yeah, there’s an accident on route 53 just before mile marker 258 with injuries,” Jacobs told the dispatcher. 
He was about to hang up when he noticed her. “Possible fatality looks like she’s been ejected from the vehicle,” he reported and hung up. Racing back to his truck he pulled it over into the grass and turned his hazards on. Retrieving his rifle and backpack from the trunk he quickly locked it up and went on the hunt. Jacobs was a skilled hunter combat trainer in the Marines. This felt nothing like what he had experienced with any mission.  He sent a message reporting his situation in case things went bad. The Black Guard would at least know where to begin a search and continue what he started. He caught a chill from the night air which would get colder. His flannel-lined canvas jacket would not keep him warm if the temperatures continued to drop. He would have to do as much as he could with the little time he had, or he would risk freezing his ass off. 


Bishop Priestly squeezed himself through bodies to foot of Hattie Slade’s bed. “Good evening, Bishop, glad you could come.” Gennie said. “Good evening to all, how’s our girl doing?” He asked them. “Oh, on the mend.” Gennie replied. “Good, Good!” Bishop exclaimed. “Gimme a minute?” Hattie requested sleepily. The crowd cleared the room quickly and quietly. “Hey, Mae!” the bishop greeted her more personally than before. “Zebby you old fool, thank you!” Hattie whispered. “It’s time now, ok.” Hattie told him. Adah Rayfield sat next to the bed holding Hattie’s hand. “We’ve both agreed to break her binds and pass on the gift.” Adah told him. Bishop priestly let out a long breath. “Ok, I won’t argue about it.” He replied. “But how will you explain it all to her?” He asked. “She may never trust the family again after this, not after all this time of bad blood.” He asked. 
Adah dropped her head ashamed. Hattie closed her eyes tightly. “May be my biggest regret that one.” She told them. “We sure did wrong and made mistakes that hurt people.” Hattie said breathlessly. Adah rubbed her arm gently. “But they can’t stay the way they are now.” Hattie insisted on causing her to cough roughly. “There, there now Mae.” Bishop Priestly soothed. “It was needed at the time.” , “we all know that.” He defended. “The trials are coming again, and we have to prepare.” Adah told him. “I’ve had visions again, and Hattie felt the culling!” she whispered. Bishop priestly could see the fear in her. “We’ve kept this secret for over four hundred years!” Bishop Priestly exclaimed. We will not just be telling Johnari, But all Trinus.!” Bishop Priestly lamented.
“The darkness comes for us again Zebby.” Hattie dreaded. “We haven’t got a choice!” Adah worried. “I won’t be able to carry it again Zebby.” Hattie stated. “My body won’t let me you understand?” Hattie asked him. “Yes!” Zebby now held his head in shame. They all knew the  toll it had taken on Hattie to hold such a pure essence within her for so long. Even with Adah helping her release it occasionally,  it burned through Hattie’s lifeforce overtime. “She is the guardian Zebby!” Adah insisted. “We don’t have a choice!” she repeated. “I know!” He agreed. “Then it’s time to get our houses in order.” Bishop Priestly stated. “I’ll let the Elder council know.” He told them. Picked up his coat and left the room. Adah continued to rub Hattie’s thin arm. “You gone rub me to bone, you old worrier!” Hattie joked. Adah’s old heart ached tremendously for Hattie. “We’ve been friends, sisters, and always there for each other Mae!”
“How am to endure you leaving me?” Adah cried. “I’ll be home, where you can come find me later is all.” Hattie soothed. “Just come find me when you get there” Hattie softly spoke drifting off to sleep. Adah cried softly rubbing that arm to the bone gently. “You ain’t slick! Leaving me with this mess Mae.” Adah told her. She picked up her things and left the room. The Slade’s, lingering out in the hall went back in to say their good nights. Bishop Priestly hurried to his car.
He contemplated the right time to do it. Open the box that holds ghosts and demons. He was terrified of the outcome when he did and made the call. The top lifting in his sweating hand. “The guardian has called for a conclave.” he told the receiver. Silence, he thought he heard a surprised gasp. “Message received” the voice replied and disconnected the call.


Patima, still in custody of the Sheriffs and cuffed to the rail of the bed. Patima looked at the precious little girl in her arms. She was beautiful with a head covered in soft black curls that draped her brown face. Her small little ears had a dark trim around them that made them look like chocolate chip cookies. Her pouting pink slips yawned and Patima held her closer. Smelling the breast milk that lingered on her breath. Her wrinkled pudge nose was Damaris’s feature, along with the droopy dog cheeks. Patima ran softly over her warm head as the baby snuggled into a ball. “My special girl” Patima whispered through a gentle kiss she placed on her forehead. “Mommy’s going to make everything better, I promise you!” She rocked her precious daughter back to sleep. 
Enjoying the new baby spell wafting from her. Johnari knocked at her door, smiling as she watched the joy splay across Patima’s face. “Hey, you” she whispered as she entered and sat in the chair next to bed. “Well look at you” Patima whispered back with a huge smile.  “I knew you’d come!”, “I knew you’d be here for her!” Patima cried quietly. “Of course, I would baby” Johnari assured her as she gently embraced them both in her arms. “What’s her name?” Johnari asked looking down at the prettiest baby she had ever seen.  “Dara” Patima said lovingly as she passed the baby into Johnari’s arms. Dara wiggled around a bit and Johnari, scared of holding her, held her tighter. “She’s so beautiful and little” Johnari cooed. “I know right, I can’t stop staring at her!” Patima squealed. “Listen Jo, I know I fucked up a lot of things and she’s the only thing I’ve ever done right!” she admitted. 
“You have to take her!” Patima begged, eyes terrified. “Please don’t let her go into the system Jo, please!”, “You know what’s waiting for her!” Patima insisted. Johnari did know, after what they would both experience there was no way she had let Dara live that life. “I have hired you a lawyer Patima. Athain Gannibal will make sure that I get guardianship while we work on your case sweetie” Johnari tried to assure her. She did not know whether she could protect the baby or Patima. A nurse entered the room followed by a deputy. “I have to take the baby now Ma’am, I’m so sorry” she said regretfully.
 Johnari handed Dara back to her mother. Patima held her close to her for a moment before placing a final kiss on her cheek. “I will get you back!” she promised her daughter as tears rolled down her face. The nurse took the child out of the room and the deputy moved closer. “You’ll have to leave too Miss” he told Johnari as he placed handcuffs on Patima and tethered the other end to the bed rail. “I’ll talk to you soon” Johnari kissed Patima’s forehead and left the hospital. “What am I’m doing?” she questioned herself.


Phryne entered the Riverside Suites Apartments alone and her men stayed in the lobby. She rode the elevator to the penthouse suite. Her heels clicked loudly across the marble floors that stretched throughout the suite. She left the lights out because the moonlight shining in from the walls of windows was always beautiful. Phryne made herself a drink at the bar of dark Barbados Rum. She removed her heels and strolled barefoot into the immaculate bath. Stripping out of the evening gown she had worn to the(?).  She really hated going to functions. But to secure the information needed on who is who, she had to attend. Her father’s coordination company was bankrupt, and the fool was going to let it go.
Phryne could not let that happen. If she did her illegal exporting business went with it. Lascelles would never trust her again or let her stay apart from his organization. She started the water in the tub intent on soaking in an extremely hot and foamy bath. She poured the rose oil and milk in and watched as it foamed on the rippling water. She removed her under clothes in front of the body length mirror fascinated by her youthful appearance. Phryne was close to fifty and looked every bit of thirty. Lascelles had given her the gift of youth in exchange for the same. Beautiful young girls she would lure in for him. They were then sold to powerful and extremely wealthy monsters that only God could touch.  She had to make a contingency plan in case the deal with the Port Authority commander went south.
She had overheard a conversation at the party. The businesspeople were certain that this new town development could be a great investment opportunity. Phryne just needed somewhere to go that was off the grid. She could get rid of her father and collect the insurance money without any trouble. She slid into the hot water and closed her eyes. Soaking herself in the bitter truth, she was coldhearted yes. But she had a couple of lifetimes to get over it. If she could pull off getting away from Lascelles. Phryne relaxed even more convinced it could be done. By way of using Indiana’s three ports. Via the Great Lakes and the Ohio-Mississippi rivers. (COMPANY NAME) could oversee multimodal shipments each year. Including heavy-lift cargo, grain, limestone, and fertilizer. A clean and lucrative break from the Lords.
“Damn”, she said in anger as she hit the end of her cell phone. Lascelles never answered that damn phone, and his voicemail was always full. Phryne quickly decided that he was not worth the business relationship overall.
Her disposer had a lot of explanations to do about the bodies recovered in the fallows. Phryne had paid him good money not to leave anything behind. She should have realized Lascelles mangy looking ass would fuck the jobs up. He was a lothly man who looked and smelled like old gutter trash in rags. Phryne had quit meeting with him in person for that reason alone. She would have to get a tracker on him right away to fix this.  Lascelles was late, again. He was terrible at keeping dates and times, even his word. For all his “It’s for a greater good” talk left her suspicious of the end game. She considered these points and was tempted to get back on the highway. And drive out of town for good. “It’s just not worth it” she thought fretfully gripping the steering wheel. 
Little Phyrne had done as she had been told when the Men ran into the house yelling. Headlights were coming up the road. The women gathered the small children and rushed down into the trap door of the cellar. The door above slammed shut as tires slid to stop across the gravel drive outside. The rug thrown over them put them in complete darkness. Little Phyrne shivered and tried not to sneeze from the dust gathering in her nose and mouth. But she had not been able to hold it. Little Phyrne had grown used to the stench of corpses a long time ago. Her bottom itched and burned like crazy from the soil sticking to her skin. Hours spent hiding with the pile of bodies. Little Phyrne had seen the men carry her mother and sister to the cart. And became scared that they would leave her behind alone. 
So, she snuck onto the back of the cart and lay down in between them. Her small leathery hand moved slowly over the matted mane of her sister. Whose heavy head now rested over her shoulder. Half of her body had rolled over top Eliza while the cart ambled down the bumpy dirt roads. Little Phyrne knew the trail well lying on her back staring into the night sky. They were headed to the creek. She knew every tree top the beautiful moonlight was shining down through. Little Phyrne had ridden this way many times with her missing father to fetch water. She would sit with the water barrels splashing down on her during hot nights like this in midsummer and try to count the stars. She could not smell the water from the stream anymore.
The stagnant water full of algae she could smell which meant they were near the wetlands. The gator-infested fields the children had always been warned to stay out of. Little Phyrne continued to rub the bloated head. She closed her eyes when the bright light moved over them. The men were pulling the bodies off the cart and throwing them into the marsh. Little Phyrne peeked through her crusted eyelids. They slid Mwaka's body off her. The gulp of air she took as the weight was removed gave her frail body away. “Hey, dis ones breathing sir” the man called out. “Throw it out anyway, it will not be for long “his master ordered. His rough hands grabbed her round the ankles and yanked her down. Little Phyrne hit the water’s shallow end along the banks. 
The man paid her no more attention as went about the rest of his work.
Little Phyrne watched silently as each body splashed into the dark water.  The putrid stench of decomposing bodies began to overwhelm her. Throwing up all over herself her dry heaving became uncontrollable sobbing. The familiar growl of mongrel creeping up behind her. The end of it all was happening. Little Phyrne was to be dinner for expert’s beasts. more growling hungry mongrels crept into the water. The first set of jaws tore the meat out of her calf muscle. 
Followed by another set of jaws ripping at her thighs. Soon she could feel only the cool air hitting exposed bones. The lower ribs and bottom half of her body had been eaten away. It was a tortuous death that would not come quickly enough.  “I am grateful, for I have seen a long and beautiful existence” she mumbled the old funeral prayer. “I come willingly into the realm of the dead. And ask the mother for her forgiveness and mercy. To guide me through the dark spaces into the light of her love”. Little Phyrne looked into that beautiful night sky for the last time as all began to fade away.


Kosoko loved to watch Phryne make herself comfortable in his bed. A honeyed brown sweet, luscious body. “Damn” he whispered rubbing his arousal against her naked ass. The beautiful curves of her body were the only thing he would give his attention to tonight. He pulled her closer to him and his dick slid stubbornly between her legs. Phryne shifted just enough for him to find his way home. She softly sighed and rubbed back against him along his girth with her wet lips. He bent her leg too and pushed inside of her. He thrust in and out softly pushing deeper into her slick canal. Her panted breaths of pleasure urged him into stronger thrusts. Shoving her leg higher, gripping her breasts. He pumped harder into the puddles of her soggy deepness. 
An excruciating tingling tightened his balls as her walls sucked harder on his dick. Their bodies trembled together from the radiating bliss of their release. “Ah baby that’s it, lick my balls” He growled. Lifting his leg higher when she moved lower. Circling her tongue around the rim of his ass. He stroked his dick squeezing it from base to crown. She pressed her finger into the tight hole working her mouth back to ball sack. He tried to control his body’s response but his desire to slide grew. When she took his penis into her mouth. Gliding her tongue up and down. He could feel the twirl of her tongue the head of his dick. Sucking harder, she pumped his staff with a firm grip. He avoided her lust filled gaze and pushed her away. 
The look on her face excited him too much. And he was about to spray all that enthusiasm into her mouth. “Swing that ass over here” he told her. She positioned herself so that her pussy was on his face. He plunged his tongue into her deeply. Her legs quivered as she rolled her pussy against his hot mouth. He licked his thumb and began rubbing her sphincter. He pressed his thumb inside her ass and held still when her body shuddered. He loved denying her pleasure until he wanted her to have it. Phryne arched her back when he sucked her peak hard between his lips. She choked on her gasps when he pumped his fingers inside her ass. The spasm increased and Phyrne’s body jerked as she reached the pinnacle of her arousal. He scooped her ass in his hands moving his tongue deeper inside. Savoring the taste as he licked up her release. He raised himself between her legs spreading her thighs. He licked his cock up and down her slick pussy. 
The tingle in his balls was immediate. He thrust himself harder and faster into her velveted throbbing clit. Grinding against her violently increasing the friction between the entwined bodies. Bringing them both to orgasm their feral cries and moans growing louder. Phryne reached her second orgasm quickly. He pumped one last time before her pussy walls tightened around his cock snatching his seed. Collapsing beside her on the bed he struggled for breath. Phyrne, breathing heavily, sat to the side of the bed. Kosoko rubbed his hand up her back. “Was thinking about this all day!” he rasped rolling onto his side planting a soft kiss on her lower back. 
“You always say that.” Phryne replied, moving off the bed. Kosoko stared at the jiggle of her ass and bounce of her breasts when she moved off the bed. The sensual swagger of Phryne’s supple body gave him a surge of heat to his cock. "Sexy as hell" he moaned, his dark raspy timbre vibrating low in his chest. It almost made him follow her like the dog he was. She went into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. Kosoko grabs his cell from the nightstand. Checking through missed calls and messages he sees one name he wished he had not. He was going to ignore it until the morning. The repercussions with which he could deal. Phryne exited the bathroom still beautifully naked. She slid back into bed beside him, and he covered their bodies with the sheet. 


	Tiran remembered the pain they had shared years ago. His own cruel words caused it. He did not believe at the time he would regret it. With everything in him refused to accept that it was his fate. Destined for her, a shadow born wolf and expected to sire with her. Curse his lineage and family name. A stain large enough to leave permanent darkness on them.
Johnari was  bullied at school the day before. Azinza and her group of peons decided to make an example of Johnari. Azinza tried to prove she was Alpha material in front of the Heir Apparent. Tiran and his friends had just looked on. When she fights them back and wins. Only Johnari gets in trouble by school. Other parents cause a scene with family members at the Slade house and Johnari runs away overnight. 
Tiran and friends who are out on patrol are harassing her. She fights with them. Cassius and his friends come to her rescue, and they become friends. Tiran is blamed, and his integrity as future Alpha is threatened. He holds a grudge. 
The gathering ceremony celebrates the coming of age for young wolves. Outsider and Insider packs travel to the mating grounds every year to make betrothals between packs. During the lunar eclipse. Some are faded and scent their mates. Others who are not as lucky leave their families and either become outcasts or arranged in marriages. Johnari attends the gathering ceremony with the slaves. Her and her sister cousins are dressed maidenly, sitting in the center of packages from her clan. With other maidens from the pack. Once the males are laid into the clearing and blindfolded by their fathers as to not see fated mates human form before the change. 
The females then find their mates and give them with a charm necklace. If their mate accepts it, they will bow before her to receive it around their necks. If they do not, they turn their back on them, rejecting their mate. Fated mates are left to shift so their wolves can mark their mates. Those left without fate are removed from the clearing and taken down the mountain. Challenges are made through fighting the pack males. Proving themselves to the fathers and brothers for a chosen maiden. When Janari's mark appears on her. Shoulder. Hattie walks her down the line to her mate. Who will bear the same mark? When she stops in front of Terran, there are gasps and murmurs from the gathering crowd. Tiran can hear his father. 
Standing behind him, Whisper never. And uh, harsh grown. When he strips the blindfold off, he is shocked and then angry at who he sees. He snatches the necklace from Johnari and throws it far. From him behind her. Johnari flees the clearing, and when she finally returns home, she teaches her. Cousin. An older sister has made it. This began to degrade her. Natty causes a scene, too. She berates and abuses Gennari, who is taken away. By Tessa, a Pack widow and Nettie 's former best friend to live with as an Outlander. The next night. Tiran is arranged to Azinza by his parents. On the last night of the Gathering, Mongrels attacked the pack who were leaving Freewood rivers. 
Outside the barrier. One of the caravans had him, his father, mother, and sister in it. They had decided to go with Azinza's family back to her pack. To escape the shame of the scandal died down about Johnari being Tiran’s fated mate. 
Shadow demons and other monsters kill them. Tiran is critically injured but survives. Johnari and Tessa get attacked. When the shadows are hurt by Johnari’s sudden magical outburst. They think she is the reason for the attack and accuse her. Tiran tells them she had a demon burn on her that did not kill her when the elders checked. The wound is healed, but a scar is present. This causes fears to grow among the council about a Shadow Born prophecy.


The isolated eighty-acre farm was heavily guarded. Rae Sat staring out the window. The drafty corridor cooled her fevered body. It also had the best view from the building. The back gardens of the clinic barriered the edge of the Tangled Woods. The Fig and Ficus trees filled the horizon. She longed to be out wandering the woods smelling the wet earth and pine. But she could not because expectants had to stay in the labor unit. Rae rubbed the mound in her belly. Her second trimester was nothing but severe morning sickness. The Doctor placed her on bed rest. But after four days she was restless. Emersyn startled her by plopping down beside her. Emersyn was due every day with twins. The Director favored Emersyn more because of it. “If they don’t get out me!” she squealed huffing when readjusting herself. The doctors all agreed to let her go to term no matter how much she begged for a c-section. 
“You’d think they’d believe me being my second time around!”, “I know my body best!” she shouted, jabbing a thumb into her chest. “You’re not having contractions.” Rae informs her. Emersyn has become more emotional in the last few days. Rae was noticing more of the surrogates displaying side effects from the fertility drug. She hoped to get through it without doing the same. “You are sure you’re not just excited to see them?” Rae asked her. “I mean ok I wonder who they’ll look like.” Emersyn answered. “But we won’t get to see the babies after their births.” Rae had forgotten they were not allowed to bond with their infants since they were not technically theirs. 
They children were immediately placed with their biological parents for bonding. “At least you’ll fulfill your contract and go home soon.” Rae reminded her, hoping to lift her spirits. “Oh my God, YES!” Emersyn squealed again rubbing her over a large belly taunt. “First thing I’m a do is get a full body massage.” Emersyn said dreamily wiggling her fat feet. They both laughed heartily when Emersyn puckered her lips moaning while rubbing both breasts in a circular motion. 
Emersyn fell forward, clutching her side. The “Oof” she moaned did not sound too good either. “What is it?” Rae asked her, inching closer to Emersyn’s side. “I think a contraction!” she laughed with a deep frown on her face. “Does it still hurt?” Rae worriedly asked rubbing Emersyn’s back. 
“Shit!” Emersyn drew out on a long slow breath as the next contraction started. “Hey!” Rae yells down the hall. “We need some help!” She wobbles to her feet intending to search for an able body to assist them. Rae shuffled down the hall calling for help. An attendant hurried out of a room towards them. “She’s having contractions.” Rae tells him and points a finger behind her to Emersyn. More Attendants come rushing down the hall to assist bringing a wheelchair with them. When they get her to her feet blood streams down her leg from her inner thigh. “It will be okay.” Rae tried to assure the terrified looking woman. “It’s not your first rodeo remember.” Rae repeated her earlier sentiments. “Get ready for that massage!” she yells after them.
She stood there for a long time in her own thoughts when a nurse pushes her along. “We’ll get this cleaned up you can go back to your room to rest now.” She instructs her. Rae does just that unable to enjoy the window seat anymore.
She prayed for Emersyn’s life and safety but worried about her own. The contract clause agrees to saving the infant first if there were complications during delivery. For the sum, the surrogate was paid it seemed worth it at the time. The 95 percent success rate they promoted guaranteed a good outcome.


Caraline arrived at Sparrows Perch, the Duplessis ancestral farm unannounced. Looking for an old friend. She walked cheerily down the road like a young girl. Enjoying the breeze and cloudy sky. Red, orange, and yellow trees mark the fall season. Oak and hickory leaves fading from tan to brown. The old homestead was freshly painted surrounded by lush green fields and tended flower beds. It was supposed to have been hers. She was promised this life long ago. Then it all stripped from her hands. Caraline sauntered up to the front door and rang the bell. The familiar tinkling heightened resonance gave her chills. The wide wood door swung open escaping the scent of baked sweets. 
An older gentleman looked quizzically at her over wired rimmed glasses. “May I help you miss?” he asked. “I’d like to see Ateino please.” She replied smiling. “I’m sorry miss he’s not home.” “Who is it, Maynard?” a demanding feminine voice asked. “Caraline ma’am!” she answered as the woman stomped loudly to the door. “I don’t know you, who are you?” the woman asked her. “An old friend of Ateino.” Caraline answered. “Hmph!” the woman grunted. “Well call ahead next time he’s not here!” she shouted as she walked away. Caraline slipped her foot in the doorway before Maynard could close it. 
“Sorry, but could I leave something?” Caraline asked. She took out the envelope from her bag and handed it over. “Please make sure he gets this, thanks!” she sang as she walked away. She had just cleared the front yard to the road when (?) jumped from behind the hedges. “Well now, look at you!” he said. Caraline’s loud convulsive laughter was creepy. “Samuel Benton Knox! You coffin dodger!” Caraline exclaimed. She jumped onto him hugging him tightly. “I knew it was you, look at cha!” he shouted bouncing her in his arms. “How?” Samuel asked bewildered. “Fresh out of the coo-coo house Sammy boy!” Caraline chuckled. “Oh, it’s good to see you!” Samuel told her. “You’re probably the only one thinks that!” Caraline giggled. “How ya been Sammy?” Caraline asked sincerely. “Hard to say from moment to moment, but good now I guess.” Samuel responded. “
“How are things?” Samuel asked. Knowing she might be especially vulnerable right now. Caraline felt uneasy but knew he was asking from real concern. “Been worse.” Caraline revealed jokingly. “Well, that’s something?” Samuel reacted. A moment of silence followed. She was expecting him to ask, “are you okay?”. Would she answer “yes, I am, ” when honestly, she wasn’t. ” "You're dealing with a lot at the moment.” "Sorry to hear things like that right now" Samuel said. “All things have an ending, including this.” He affirmed. “And you will get through it. “Only you know who you are.” “Your collection of scars won’t fade only how you got em.”
Caraline felt the warmth in his words. An emotional emanation she’d long suppressed. “No one cares until someone cares I guess.” Caraline retorted sadly. “There are folks who care about ya.” Samuel whispered firmly. “It doesn’t feel like it.” Caraline insisted. “Come on, let’s skedaddle before that blabbermouth holy Mary sees us.” Samuel said ushering her off. “Where to geezer?” Caraline chuckled. He instructed, “Head on oner to the creek” he instructed. “Headed over myself” he told her displaying the pole and tackle box in his hands. His warm-hearted unpretentious way of thinking seemed selfless enough. But it was not what Caraline needed to hear. “What are your plans now that your back?” asked Samuel. 
“Catch up with things is all.” Caraline answered. “How’s (?).” She mentioned  his friend turned things around and evaded the question. “Oh, ain’t seen them in a while now.” Samuel told her. “After all the goings on back then and all.” He stated. “I don’t know what I’m saying!” Samuels attempts a little bit of humor to cover his sorrow. A weak display of stoicism. She tried shifting the topic to talking about Ateino. “So, what’s Ateino been up to since I been gone?” Caraline asked subtly. “Rehashing the past wouldn't change anything.” “Which I imagine is why you're here asking this question.” Samuel stated. “We all have our ways of dealing Sam.” Caraline responded. 
“The labor of forgiveness is a heavy burden to carry with you.” Samuel told her. Again, not what she wanted to hear. Feeling misunderstood and more isolated than ever. “Fair and due recompense for offenses is a fate one deserves.” Caraline justified. “Repentance is available, even to those who have made mistakes many times.” . “True repentance means forsaking your sins, not committing new ones.” Samuel peached. “Revenge can be bittersweet.” He insisted.  So, what should she do instead? Just bottle things up. It was his choice to deny reality to avoid an uncomfortable truth. But Caraline was not letting it change the validity of her revenge. Everyone else could repress or numb their emotions and trauma.
Caraline was not going to, even if it happened a long time ago. “Come sit down in the shade for a moment?” Samuel asked her. Setting his pole and box down under the willow tree. She watched him swiftly bait the lines on both poles.
He propped the poles between two rocks and waited. “Won’t be a tick” he told her. He lay on his side propped on an elbow. The only thing alive in that house with all its teeth is the termites.”  Samuel’s nervous restrained laugh said otherwise. “He married Mima?” Caraline asked.
"Ain’t no use turning that stone to see what was underneath.” “ I will not be a figment lost as if I never existed.” Caraline said. She looked across the creek to the big old house. The place she no longer felt connected to.
“I am a dusty old thang with tired bones. I am as old as my tongue and a little older than my teeth.” “But if there is one thing I have learned, “You do not get over it. You move past it. You move through it.
You lose yourself to find it, and when found, it is yours and no longer theirs.” you and harbor feelings of loss and guilt. places that were once devoid of it. “Sometimes you just have to get over shit.” “For a moment let it be.”

Ateino re-read the letter, so she had come for them at last.  Ateino had no worries other than reaching the fade before his time. He knew it would not take her long to get in touch. What she was hoping to gain would not be so easily accomplished. He slipped into his best attire and left the compound through the escape tunnels only a select few knew of. Ateino hummed as he slowly made his way down the path. Offer her compassion, masquerading as someone she can trust. She will be more susceptible to being vulnerable. It all hinged on her desire. It is crazy how much more we will like someone for the promise of fantasy. And you can fake this. He would use their old romance to get closer.
He had already built a subconscious bond with Caraline long ago. Surely it was still there, the connection. Her time with Tessler had left lingering hostilities. but he had an explanation she would have no choice but to accept if she wanted to come home.


Johnari, used to the staring and judging her as mouths gapped open when she walked through the door of the Big House.  A reputation falsely given still stained the minds of some, ever with the truth in front of their eyes. Johnari thought she was over it all but was not. The unease she felt walking into the diner felt the same as it had then. Johnari instinctively walked to the end of the counter by the bathroom and sat where she always had. She watched Little is through the serving window. That round milk dud shaped head sweating beads as he worked his magic on the grill. He was easily the best cook in Freewood, and the sweetest. Johnari walked into the big house apprehensive about what Littles might have to say to her. She had not kept her promises to stay in touch with him, and he had left numerous messages to call him back. 
The Place seemed half full of diners but busy, nonetheless. Littles placed the order in the window and hit the bell, “Come & Get it!” he called. He wiped his brow and saw her. Wiped the paper towel across his face again and they stared at each other. He whispered her name with a grin. Johnari waved quickly at him just as Izzy interrupted their private reunion. “Oh wow! look who it is” Izzy exclaimed louder than needed. Johnari could not help being just as sarcastically “Well if it isn’t Izzy Whizzy all grown up and working” she retorted. Izzy scowled as her mean temperament took over. Littles hit the bell again, “I said come & get it!” he called. “You got folks waiting Izzy” he told her. 
Izzy not one for letting anything go flashed Johnari the bird just low enough to be out of sight and mouthed the word “Bitch”. Johnari chuckled as she stomped away with her order. For two women who use to friends that thin line drawn between them a long time ago. The first time she experienced Izzy’s vindictive nature. She could still feel its sting. 
Her boot kicked her in the back. Then they turned into many hard-heeled shoes that connected with the rest of her body. They were all laughing at her, scared, and cowering next to a dumpster. She was the stray no one wanted around. The back door to the diner opened, scaring her attackers long enough for her to crawl away. 
“The hell yawl doing back here!” a sweet baritone voice demanded. The multiple pairs of feet beat the pavement as their hysterical laughter echoed in the darkness. “Johnari is that you?” the sugary thick voice of the sweetest man in the world asked. he was also the only elder in the coven who accepted her in a town full of Okies who hated her. Why did she stay around? Littles, the burly cook of the diner she was just getting her ass kicked behind grabbed her arm and pulled her to her feet. She cried out as pain engulfed her shoulder and let go. Her labored breath as she raised her beaten body off the ground. “C'mon in and get a healer” he ordered placing his hand lightly on her back for additional support. “The meat is still in the trunk she whispered moving slowly through the door. 
The moment comes to mind whenever she sees him of the day, they had herded her down the corridor to her room safely away from the others. Until they could figure out who she was and what clan they could sell her to. She had just been caught (?). The fact that two of the elder leader’s daughters were with too. Littles had been the only one to defend her. He challenged her accusers with hypocrisy if the other two girls were not punished as well. She chuckled as she limped to a booth. After he had patched her up good enough the guilt crept into her. Watching him as she frowned and mumbled under his breath while tending to her cuts. 
How many times had they sat like this? 'I'm leaving Littles” she whispered. Short and simple, he was always one who spoke plainly and to the point. She gave him the same in. He hummed sadly as he put the supplies back behind the counter. There was no use having an explanation ready when he knew her reasons why. “Yeah, surprised you waited this long honestly” he finally spoke. He walked to the pantry closet and came out with a wooden box. The instant she realized what he was carrying to the table the tears rolled down her cheeks. The beautifully carved walnut colored box was a coveted possession for Therians. I have been saving this for a while now too Johnari, he pulled a leather satchel from his back pocket and handed it to her. 
“I was hoping to use it as a dower for yah, but well...” he trailed off a quick second and she knew all his sadness in that moment because she felt it too. I mean you can make those decisions now for self and all if you ever...” he stopped and just handed the satchel to her. She softly spoke, I could not but he threw up a meaty hand to stop her. “Please take it. You can at least get that monster of a car fixed before you go. Wouldn't you want to have any problems getting as far from here as possible? You hear me girl.
The sternness of his face did not match the shakiness of his voice or the glossy sheen in his eyes. It made her heart ache for him, but she got the message. The hard lump in her throat kept her from speaking. “Yeah, I will” she sobbed fighting back her own emotions. She gathered the stuff off the table and gingerly stood to leave. “Promise to keep in touch ever so often huh,” he asked her to give her a tight hug. she cried quietly as she hugged his round belly. He gave her shoulders a gentle shove pushing her toward the door. She wiped her face already missing him. She looked inside astonished as it was filled with money. She counted the bills in the stack $5000 she was so wow she took other stacks out of the bag and led them on the be there were six in total. 
She dropped her knees on the side of the bed resting her head against the mattress thank you Kia please continue to watch over that sweet man she prayed. “I should’ve known you weren’t far behind” Littles chimed into her thoughts. Johnari came out of the stupor of the past and focused on the plate he had just sat in front of her. 
A Rueben sandwich browned to a golden buttery masterpiece with a side of coleslaw, steak fries and a large lemonade. She quickly closed her mouth before the drool leaked into her food. “Yeah, what who else does she have?” Johnari answered remorsefully over the situation. 
“How’s Damaris and Dove doing?” she asked him. “We’ll talk about later, maybe you should eat up and go before Dove gets back from the hospital though” Littles instructed her. “Yeah, best if I do, want to make it to go for me” Johnari suggested as she pulled out her wallet. “But we’ll catch up later hon, where are you staying while you’re in town?” Littles asked her. “Going home I guess” Johnari told him dropping two fives on the counter. “The lodge ain’t in the best of shape Jo, not even sure the water works” Littles informed her. “I’ll go to Mourning Hill” She replied slipping off the stool. “Grab some gas for the generator, since it’s on a well I should do alright.” Johnari assured him. She walked out of the diner feeling lost and unwelcome. She hated coming home.

Johnari drove the dirt access road through the dense vegetation. Years of neglect turned the property into wildland. The redbud trees looked ready to bloom lined along the sides. Amongst overgrown foxtails, tall grass and chickweed that had claimed the road. The untamed and abandoned beauty of her childhood home should have a welcome feeling. But the unease and bitterness of remembering drowned out such quaint emotions.  The boarding house looked lonely on its hill with shuttered eyes hidden under thick ivy.  Johnari rounded the driveway up to the house. Killed the ignition and sat there hesitant to bring herself to get out.  
Dreading her feet to touch the cursed ground of Mourning Hill.  She stared at the magnolia tree centered in the yard. Branches spread wide with glossed leaves full of life. Visioning the sizzling summer nights, she had run around it catching lightning bugs under moonlit skies.  So sweet a memory must have been a dream. Something she had wished for broke out of the hopes of a broken child.  Johnari got out and walked up to the door. “This is not you anymore!” she reminded herself to pull away from the fear and regret.  Stale air and must fill the foyer but it looked the same. She walked further into the living room feeling nostalgic.  The furniture, pictures, even knick-knacks were all in the same place. 
She teared up overwhelmed by the memorial frozen in time. A long untouched tomb shrouded in cloth and dust.  Johnari yanked open the curtain causing plumes of dust to swirl in beams of sunlight streaming through the boards. She coughed harshly, covering her face with her shirt. “Cleaning is going to be a bitch!” she mumbled. She moved through the house to the large kitchen and tried the sink.  Pipes banged and rumbled as rust colored water spurt from the faucet.  Johnari left it running as she rummaged through cabinets and drawers. She grabbed two large pots from the pantry to boil water for cleaning. Thank goodness the stove was electric, but it too had to be cleaned to prevent a fire.  She found some old rags and soap under the sink. 
Once the water boiled, she filled the sink and bucket and got to work. It was evening when Johnari went to the back porch for some fresh air. She removed the torn cloth she had used as mask. She had gotten the kitchen, upstairs bath and a bedroom cleaned and free of dust. The washed linens for the bed hung on the line and dry by now. She dropped wearily onto the porch swing and the chain snapped. Dumping her onto the hard dirt covered in concrete slab. “Ow, ow, ow” she whined holding her elbow which she jarred in the fall.  She pulled herself up gently and moved to the old rocking chair by the door. She inhaled deeply, taking in the damp brisk night air.  She got her weed out and rolled a disfigured joint the size of her pinky. 
Her tired tenseness shifted to a relaxing heavy body after a couple pulls. It was peaceful at last in her mind even though she knew what the coming days would be. The only thing she genuinely wanted was a love of her own. A life that was more laughter than loneliness, more joy instead of pain. It seemed all she had ever inherited from this life was reaping chaos throughout her life for the sins of the past. What blasphemy her heart had quelled speaking to her soul of joy as it is tormented with guilt and self-loathing.
What enormous sin she had committed she thought, what purpose her existence served eluded her. Born with such a curse over her head as she was. Was she judged in a previous lifetime and exiled into a hopeless and unforgettable existence? When she finished smoking, she washed off quickly in the chilly water and went to bed.  The rain started slowly pattering outside against the house. Johnari stared at the reflection of the window on the ceiling. Watching the rivulets sliding across the moonlit surface until sleep came.
 

	Johnari pulled the black ‘94 Toyota Supra into the parking space slightly over the white line. Her Perro de Presa dog, Hachiko Beni sat asleep in the back seat. She walked into the Law Office of Athain Gannibal and waited for more than two hours before he emerged from his office with his afternoon guest. Johnari could smell the sex and Febreze waft out the room ahead of them. He walked the woman out to the elevators before returning to greet Johnari. She was slow to rise in her irritation with the man. “Ms. Rayfield, a pleasure” he greeted, “Please come into my office where we can get started.” 	
Athain spoke gesturing towards the office. All Johnari could think was how much bullshit she was about to go through. Athain walked behind her admiring the thick thighs at the top of slender legs, connected to curvy hips which encased a plump rear end. “Well, well, well Jo it has been a while” Athain stated as he motioned her into the chair before him. “It would have been longer too if Patima did not let her anger get the best of her. This woman was the perfect mix of soft but firm. “Mr. Gannibal you know of what happened at the dinner in town, I am sure. I would like for you to represent her.” Johnari asked. “I assumed you’re here regarding Ms. Slade,” Athain replied “Sure, I’ll take her case, but you’ve got to know that the criminal case is the least of her worries.” Athain started.
	“What do mean by that?” Johnari asked. “She attacked a member of the Koventri Jo, she’ll have to go before the council too!” “Let’s just worry about things happening now and not the things to come!” Johnari stated wearily. “We’ll have to figure the rest out as we go” she told him. “Alright, let’s get to it then!” he told her excitedly. “As luck might have it, I am already assigned this case! I am the public defender in Freewood”. Johnari was not sure why he was so eager, but having ulterior motives were like stripes on a zebra. Athain could never get rid of them. They talked over the case for another two hours before Johnari left.  
	Johnari believed Patima had gotten better since her release from the hospital four years ago, she had spent her entire adolescence in a maximum-security ward for the fire. She was glad that Athain could use it as evidence for a mental instability defense. Johnari was about to see if lightning would strike her again.



The rusted iron cuffs chaffed his skin raw. Women and children were not required to have them on just the men. The stench immediately caused sickness in the pit of his stomach. Chained him down across a barrel and flogged him across his back and legs severely. They were forced to eat the rotting fruits and vegetables…desiring a release from their pain and suffering some wished for death as others worshiped and prayed for their ancestor’s protections languished in despair. The brutal cruelty of their pale-skinned captors are the real savages of the world. Gottingham was brought up with the children of the chief, his own father was an elder leader and close companion of the chief. 
He belonged to a high-ranking family. One day he and the chief’s youngest child played in the taami brush and Marula trees with their sweet yellow fruits. His mother made an amarula and goat milk brewed at bedtime. He chased Ashoi through the thickets. The hot African sun setting over the shrublands. The caravan which the tradesmen brought was moving along the Mahoi river. They stood at its banks and waved at the boats.  Unknowingly revealing themselves to the murders of their village. The pale men jumped from the boats and waded through the muddy waters. 
Gottingham felt fear of taking him, and he grabbed Ashoi by her arm and ran up the hill of the bank. The men followed quickly shouting angrily behind them. They are captured and taken to the Niger river, where a slave vessel had illegally been docked. The natives were tied with ivy vines two by two and led up a wooden plank onto the ship.  The guards lead the children to a brick building, the inside was iron cages filled with compatriots. on the ground, some who could no longer stir themselves to even cry out as the men slashed their whips across their bodies.


Kalaya sat in the cold cell, fearful thoughts tearing up her mind. She knew witness protection could not save her. It was the reason she had run to begin with. She thought she could make them believe she was on their side long enough for the chance to disappear. Two Marshalls entered the holding area in full regalia. Protective vests (yada, yada, yada…) Kalaya sat in the room for at least 45 minutes before the interrogator came in. She had not expected the young but aging man though. The full impact of his face was the close shaven beard which had begun to grey in the mustache that covered Bill Bellamy lips and chin line. He was almost handsome, Malcolm Jamal-Warner.  “Alright Ma’am time to go,” (?) said. “Go where?” Kalaya asked walking over to the door as it slid open. “Safe house until the investigations over honey” (?) told her. “Hold your arms up,” (?) placed a bullet proof vest on her.


	The wounds in bizarre fractal patterns, because of bursting blood vessels as heat from the electric current ruptured his ear drums, fried his brain cells, and stopped his heart. The demented shadow crept closer to its victim dead body. It rifled through his pockets and checked his body. The item it searched for was an old leather and stone bracelet which it did not find. It screamed loudly into the howling wind before sulking off into the night. Dehaven Gannibal, rousted from sleep by storm, dragged himself from his bed to the open window, as wind and rain rushed into the room. He looked up at the sky lit with angry light and went to close the window. The lightning flashes revealed a form laid out on the lawn. He closed the window and quickly grabbed his robe dressing frantically as he raced down the stairs.
	He hurried out of the back entrance and around the side of the house to the person. He was horrified at the sight of the body. Burned flesh and cloth still smoldered as knelt to check for life. Shocked to discover it was none other than his own father. Coroner Watts kneels over the body measuring an area on the chest when Dakari arrived. “You won’t get much in forensics from the scene” he began. He stood looking exasperated tapping his clipboard against his thigh. “Everything from here, back up to the house has been incinerated.”
“Even the grass got torched in the middle of a rainstorm.” “So straight to cause of death, electrocution is almost a certainty.” “I highly doubt it was natural occurring due to the weather following the path of origination”. Dr. Watts looked over his spectacles at the detective. “Willing to bet the charred silhouette on the bricks of the house is where the currents originated. Something there, shot bolts of electricity towards the direction of the victim.” The contact mark or joule burn indicates the entry point of current into the body and depends on the body resistance as well as the current pathway. The cooking effect of current occurs at points of poor insulation; the mobilization of cellular fluids takes place, resulting in damage to cell membranes. 
When the resistance of skin diminishes, it causes penetration of the current passing through the skin producing heat, which causes boiling and electrolysis of tissue fluids. He pointed to a charred circle on the ground. “That there is where Mr. Gannibal would have been standing at initial impact, and here is where he landed.” “There are a few trees and shrubbery behind us here that got some of the current, at least 20 yards beyond the initial impact point.” He motioned to the gurney man to come over and take the body. “I’ll call after I’ve completed the official autopsy report” he finished and walked away. The incessant ringing of his cell phone brought Athain Gannibal’s head up out of the warm soft pillow he had been drooling over.
	He first smacked the top of his alarm clock only to realize that it was not the source of the disturbing sound. He turned the light on and sat up on the side of the bed. He picked up his cell phone and answered the call. “Wait what happened?” he asked in the hysterical voice at the other end. “Oh god” he whispered into the phone. “I’m on my way!” He sobbed and tapped the line closed. The tremendous sense of loss overwhelmed him, and he began to sob uncontrollably. He shakily stood at his feet and pulled himself together. Athain arrived at the family mansion twenty minutes later to a swarm of law enforcement vehicles and emergency services. He hightailed it through thrall to the back of the house. The white tent was a beacon guiding him to his father. 
The Sheriff is on scene with Dehaven as Athain enters the sitting room. The grey and purple orchid wallpaper was such a serene atmosphere during chaos and sorrow. His long dead mother had a fetish for Asian décor. He stumbled into the room angrily followed by Luci Amerson who was failing miserably attempting to calm him down. Dehaven stood and embraced his older brother. He broke down in his arms without shame and in utter despair. He just could not control it any further as his heart was torn asunder.
	He had loved his father dearly. Admired so him greatly and he cloned himself through his father’s image. It was a sight to see two men of such stature bend under the weight of their emotions. The detective spoke from the corner of the room introducing himself to Athain. Offering his sincerest condolences as Dehaven sniffles regaining his composure. The men settle themselves down on the sofa lost in shock and early thoughts of revenge. Someone had to be severely punished. “I understand this is a terrible time for you and your family Mr. Gannibal, I’ll only ask a few quick questions if I could.” the detective asked.
	“Please Atty I can’t do this now” bemoaned Dehaven. Covering his eyes with his palm as he slumped further into the cushion. “You will stay and be a part of this” Athain admonished his spoiled brethren. “We’ll all need to hear what you’ve witnessed being the only other person present in the house at the time of the attack” Detective added. “But I did not see or hear anything, I was asleep the whole time. If it had not been for the storm bursting the damn window open, I might have never found him!” Dehaven exclaimed. His guilt and frustration boil over in his frantic gestures. 
He rushed to his feet and began pacing the room. His father needed a protector, and he had been comfortably asleep in his bed while his father was executed. Athain wished to ease the pain he sensed in his brother but his own was just as great. “Sit down brother, it must be done” Athain soothed. Coaxing him back over with a nod of the head. A gesture like his father’s when tended to passively guide them as children. “He’s lying out there right now Atty, in the mud thick with his blood!” yelled Dehaven. “I got there too late bro, and he was gone.” He sobbed.


Patima curled up under the thin comforter and blanket. The semi-private room with one bed by the window and the other by the bathroom. The composition tiled floor was cold and the painted gypsum board on the walls was depressing. Her roommate was out in the communal area with the others, and she was grateful for peace and quiet.  The female orderly came rapped her knuckle on the door. “Hey, you’ve got a visitor.” She called out. Patima peeked at her over her shoulder before climbing out of the bed. She followed the robust woman to the visiting area doors. She swiped her badge on the security sensor and shoved Patima through. Relief washed over her when she saw Johnari sitting at the stainless-steel table. “Oh my god Jo” she softly cried. Johnari hugged her tightly. 
She had never been afraid of her crazy friend. She was the only person who understood the darkness that Patima kept inside her. “How are you sweetie” Johnari whispered before she released her hold, and they sat down. I am so sorry you have had to go through Patima. “Did you see my baby Jo; she is so small and pretty. She got her Daddy’s eyes do not you think? But that is my nose” Patima gushed. All she seemed to want to talk about was her precious baby. “She’s adorable sweetie”, “but what about you Patima?” “How are you doing”. Johnari rubbed the top of Patima’s hand which she was holding gently still. “I know I know what you’re thinking Jo, but he had to see for himself that Dara was his, Ours and he couldn’t just do what he did and get away with it.”. “What did Damaris do Patima that required you to shoot him as payback?” Johnari giggled. 
“He had somebody whoop my ass, try and beat Dara out of me and miscarry” Patima sneered. “Wait what?” Johnari asked again shocked, that is what Patima thought. No way would Dove go for shit like that. The old lady was crazy about her family and her legacy. “Are you sure it was Damaris’ who set you up Patima or did you just piss some bitches off, and they whooped your ass”. Patima cast a downward glare at Johnari and pinched her lips together. “No, I didn’t start shit with the bitches, and Yes I’m sure it was his grimy ass Jo” he tried to force me into an abortion clinic after I told him I was pregnant”, “Then he stopped taking all my calls. Said he would get rid of it himself.” 
“Shit Patima, I asked you not to get into anything with that Muthafucker when we left the last time. How long were you seeing him?”  Johnari asked. “Before we left last summer we hooked up at the?  He came to Indianapolis a few times after that, and it is just continued until I told him about the baby.” Patima looked down at their hands holding each other. “I really thought I’d found my place with him Jo, that he accepted me” Patima started to quietly cry. “I am sorry I know what that means to you. But now you have baby girl to think about Patima.” Johnari told her. “You cannot do things all out of control like this anymore.”  Patima felt a load of guilt weigh down on her.  The baby was just a means to an end at first. She was completely obsessed with Damaris.
Dara was the permanent link she needed to him. Her life was nothing if he was not in it. Now he would have the baby never wanted and she knew he hated her for all she had done to him. “Patima listen to what I’m saying” Johnari chastised her. “We have to do everything we can to get custody of the baby first do you understand?” Johnari asked her. Johnari could tell by the daydreamed expression on Patima face that baby was the last thing on her mind. It would be best for the child if Dove had custody. Their bond was built on love and loyalty so no matter what Patima Johnari did was going to make sure she could at least see the baby. Whether on the outside or from behind bars. “I need you to do whatever is required by Dr. Adair Patima ok” she begged. 
“I know the routine Jo; I just lost it though. The stress and anger got to me. He cannot just trash me after all the things he promised me” Patima whined still not mentioning her baby. “Patima!” Johnari started firmly irritated by her callous one-track mind. “No matter what happens between you and that dick, Dove is going to make sure that Dara is in Damaris’s and her life. You lose that baby you lose him” Johnari implied. It was the only way she could get Patima to prioritize Dara’s existence. 
“Your right Jo, If I can prove to that controlling bitch that all I want to do is take care of the two of them. I will have time to prove how sorry I am to him. Make up for what I did” Patima rejoiced with restored hope. Johnari was speechless because that was not what she meant. Johnari knew that hope was extremely dangerous to give to Patima. They talked a while longer about what Johnari planned to do to help her out before their visitation time was over.

Patima attacked by nurses…
He stood over her and beat the shit out of her. He hooked the leash and collar around her neck. Pulled her legs apart and told her to stay in that position. He ripped her shirt off and used the material to bind her arms together. His skin riddled with scars and tattoos covered by his Jaṭā (ropelike strands of hair formed by matting or braiding hair). He yelled at her for not submitting to him the way she should, and this was her punishment for disobedience. He dragged her down the basement stairs. He pinned her face down. Men have found pleasure in anal intrusion since the beginning of time. 
He circled his thumb over it then inserted a finger. She squeezed her eyes shut ass he forced the crown of his penis into her virgin ass. It felt like she was on fire, the burning intensified as more of him painfully invaded her body. The thrill of forcing himself into her tight ring and narrow passage. First balled tight, panting breaths, cowering, and sniveling, said without preamble, was all he offered. Dark eyes gleamed wildly, energy pulsed through strong, and she stifled a shudder.
Pulling her back to the present the rays of the setting sun now a burst of color Huddled stride clinching her garment tighter, a fragile shell against the cold caress of the morning air. Fingers gripped the heated mug.

Ateino and Urbi
A livid Ateino catches Audra Urbi, you think because you are pretty Doctor T is the prick backing this research that you get to run around acting invincible. He is real killer; the car he yells grabs her by the throat and puts his knife to her neck. “You don't know how wrong you are” he says and forces her on her knees. If you knew who you were truly Fucking with, you would walk that stuck up ass of yours out of my sight, he shoves her away. Urbi gags backs away from him trying her best to cover her fear with well little composure she had left. She stole that serum on her own and that is damn well what you better them, he yelled after her.


Tensions were high and Sherriff’s office was full of concerned citizens. The bourgeoisie middle class and their perceived materialistic values and conformist attitudes. The mob stormed the office and demanded (?) appealed for people to remain calm.  “Do not take the law in our hands.” “Good morning how we help you?” Deputy Reeves asked when Dakari walked into the department. “Here to speak to Sheriff Hughley, he’s expecting me, Dakari Garrard”, He answered. “Just a minute have a seat, and I’ll let him know”, Reeves spoke curtly back to him as he called back and informed the Sheriff. Dakari walked away from the desk browsing the lobby.
He was reading the flyers on a bulletin board when Sheriff Hughley approached from behind. “Detective Garrard”, he called out. “Yes Sir”, Dakari answered grabbing and shaking each other's hands. “Come on back I’m sur we can oversee this quickly”, Sheriff Hughley told him. The room itself spoke more than the man did Dakari sensed as they entered the office. Memorabilia of various kinds scattered the walls and shelves of the department’s history. Black and white photographs of predecessors and colleagues, framed news articles, awards and other distinguished mementos prominently displayed. The old furniture scratched and weathered with time was descriptive of the complacent personality of the dweller.
Sheriff Hughley did not like the man sitting in front of him. They had never met but he did not like the man for coming into his town and digging through his secrets. “I’ll need the autopsy reports and any information about what Mr. Gannibal was working on in the town first,” Dakari stated. The Sheriff opened a drawer and pulled out a brown folder. He slapped it down on the desk in front of Dakari. The trouble was that Sheriff Hughley was afraid of said investigation. “I wasn't going to talk about it, why the mayor initiated an investigation”, he said. “It was nothing more than political posturing to damage a rival”, the Sheriff insinuated. “I try not to get involved in those things”, Hughley stated.
“Did you think it would escalate into this, his murder?” Dakari asked skeptical of the Sheriffs reasonings. “I couldn’t say one way or the other detective, who’s ever really sure what someone might be capable of.” Dakari could not be at fault in what he had said and grabbed the file preparing to leave. “I’ll tell yah this, you’re going to have hard time digging for things folks don’t want found round here detective”, the sheriff warned. “I’ll be in touch if there’s anything else then”, Dakari stated leaving an apathetic Hughley staring after him.
He did not trust people as a rule when on an investigation. The facts would sort out the truth and he was confident with his intuition. Vigilance would be required to make any headway cutting through the layers of secrecy in Freewood Rivers. He was walking and skimming the file until he bumped into someone. “I’m so sorry!” Dakari apologized to the woman retrieving her handbag off the floor. “Your good I wasn’t paying attention either”, she replied not actually looking at him. She walked quickly off entering the courtroom and Dakari’s curiosity followed behind her. It seemed as if half the residents were gathered inside, and he wondered about the cause. It was a standing room only for late comers. 
And he leaned against a wall behind the woman who gained the last available seat. “All rise, the court is now in session. The Honorable Judge Herchel presiding.”  Judge Herchel speaks “In the matter of the People v. Patima Carlyle, docket number 1621-14-14.” “Counsel, please state your appearances.” “Prosecuting Attorney, Marshai St. Malo your honor for the commonwealth” comes from one side. “Defense Counsel, Athain Gannibal, on behalf of the defendant, your Honor.” Speaks the other side. “Ms. Carlyle, if at any time during these proceedings there is anything that you do not understand, or which confuses you. Please stop me so that either the court or your attorney can clarify it or explain it to you.”
“Mr. St. Malo will you please state the charges that have been made against the defendant in this case. “Alleging that Sunday April 28, 2019, inside of local business, The Big House Diner. Patima Carlyle did intentionally and premeditate assault with a deadly weapon. A class (?) felony. And attempted murder, another class (?) felony upon the victim, Damaris Doney. “And on these charges Mr. Gannibal you’ve entered a not guilty plea.”, “Is that correct?” Judge Amerson asked.
“Yes, your honor!” Athain replied “It is my recommendation that Miss Carlyle be committed to Rosehaven for further evaluation and treatment”. “And is the Commonwealth requesting conditions of release at this time?” Judge Amerson asked Marshai.
“Yes, your Honor!” “We are requesting the defendant be held without bail. She is clearly a danger to the community and under 7553, She is charged with two serious felonies. One of which carries the possibility of a life sentence and therefore feels that currently she has a potential risk of flight. St. Malo stated. “Your Honor my client, as witnessed appeared to be in a trance.” Athain defended. “She has medical history of mental illness, primarily a neuropsychiatric examination showed a diagnosis of “dissociative rage”, a sudden attack or violent expression of emotion with a secondary pattern of a sociopathic personality and obsessive-compulsive personality. “I recommend hospitalization for observation because of this.”
“That's bullshit Ellazar, and you know it!” Dove's sudden outraged outburst startled even the bailiff asleep in the corner awake. “Put her ass in jail where she belongs, God damn it! You lock her up!” Dove yelled as Levant tried to calm her down and lead her out of the courtroom. “The same report also noted that the defendant was un-remorseful in her actions. And that she would relapse into said psychosis without proper medication and supervision. The state believes she presents a clear danger to the public.” Marshai objected. “What we all seem to agree on is that there are serious concerns here over the defendants’ competency to stand trial on these charges.” Judge Amerson stated to them all. “I’m waving the preliminary hearing for thirty days until a mental health can be made.” Amerson told them. 
“I’m remanding the defendant to Rosehaven, where she’ll be evaluated by the court appointed Community Psychological & Health Services also known as CPHS Psychiatrists.” he ruled. “This court is adjourned!” and Amerson banged the gavel. Dakari watched the woman jostle her way through the disgruntled mob to the defendant’s lawyer. They spoke briefly as bailiffs escorted the woman out of the courtroom. He overheard the woman whose outburst earlier leads him to believe a relative of the victim. She walked with a Sheriff’s deputy who also presented close relationship to the woman. He had been so immersed in studying the crowd he did not notice the woman had left. Dakari was sure he would see her again and the next time with an introduction.


Adenyini Devington paced his hotel room becoming less patient with the belligerent Kosoko by the second. He expected everyone to do exactly what he said and knew Kosoko was doing something of his own device. It was his mistake, Adenyini thought of giving him entirely too much leeway in his affairs and too much power in the Oduna. His worst fear was that everyone followed Kosoko’s leadership more than his own. Adenyini knew the day was coming when he would have to get rid of his right hand. The highly intelligent and dangerous limb that supported him for so long, which meant he had to act swiftly when he got rid of it. But why worry today? Kosoko was still a dominant piece in the game and the game had not been won yet. With the Council ordering the Covens into seclusion in that backwater hole-in-the-ground, he had to make assurances that his most precious secret would stay protected.
He had the support of the lower houses, but the nobles and council were too finicky to know where their allegiance would lie. He had destroyed his greatest rival centuries ago. And now that Agiso’s family line was down to one traumatized fledgling in a man’s body. He had to remove that last piece off the board before he gained the queen’s back.
Adenyini could not let them replenish the House of Adaze. With Asunsum next in line for the throne, and himself as heir reagent he had to do whatever was necessary.  He could still smell her blood and the glee he felt watching it run down her neck. But she robbed him of his destiny by fornicating with Prince Agiso and giving him twins, sacred and rare births. He could still recall them squirming in her belly moments before he slit her throat open. 
Two sets of twins in one house would have set a precedent not seen since the Pure-bloods era. 
The ancestor’s reigned supreme before the curse consumed them and tore their world apart. The prophecy proclaimed that a house would rise and save the species. By bearing two in one, the curse on the blood could be lifted, and their immortality restored. Prolonging their life now through the fade is unbearable. Adenyini refused to die after working so long and so hard to ensure his existence.
Kosoko sauntered into the suite and headed directly to the bar, going unnoticed by Adenyini who was still consumed by his thoughts. The crystal glasses clinking together as Kosoko set up his drink startled Adenyini awake. 
“Where in the hell have you been?” Adenyini yelled intent on scolding the smug bastard for all his arrogance. But Kosoko never budged as Adenyini got in his face. He had become accustomed to Adenyini’s childish outbursts. He threw tantrums often when his father appointed Kosoko the man’s steward as a boy.
A day Kosoko had demised ever since. “And what, please tell me is of such great importance?” Kosoko asked. His tone even, never allowing anyone to read his body language. “There are many things that I still have to manage, on your behalf I might add,” he stated before draining the liquid from his glass. And just as he turned to face away from the irritating man, Adenyini grabbed a handful of his jacket yanking him back to him. “Someone’s digging into a past that should long be forgotten,” he snarled. 
“We have to find them,” he continued but Kosoko interrupted him. “You mean I have to find them, don’t you?” he asked. “We don’t have time for jokes Kosoko!” Adenyini screamed, throwing Kosoko away from him. Kosoko controlled his momentum unfazed. “You!” Adenyini emphasized pointing at Kosoko, “Have to find out who it is and end this quickly”. “And just where do you suppose I start?”, “I assume this is about the former Regent and his mysterious demise?” Kosoko asked. “Damn it Kosoko take the matter seriously, we both face years of torture followed by a slow death.” Adenyini cried the fear palpable in his voice. 
“I have a man inside the Inquiry Unit who has reported that an investigation of a classified nature is taking place at the orders of the Adedeji Council,” Adenyini informed him. “Tell your man to contact me with this pertinent information and I’ll consider it.” Kosoko walked to the door. “He’s already waiting for you downstairs.” Adenyini acknowledged. 
Kosoko opened the door and left before he acted on the urge to seriously harm his current Én Šinísañ . Kosoko had not thought about that night in years. He had played his part in the murders but was glad he had the foresight to keep an insurance policy. The witch had taken the child, teaching him the ways of the ancients, when he got older. She had sent him to foster with her coven.
He faced less ostracism from the people there because they would not know of his history after so many years of seclusion inside the temple. His origin and the importance of it on Kosoko’s future hindered on keeping him safe and under the radar. He could not wait until his plan was completed.
He was finally going to be rid of Adenyini for good. He hated the fact that the smug bastard had complete control of him. The Ruppion distribution was making more money than he could have dreamed as he smuggled it across the same routes as the Vein, the illegal blood distribution pipeline to vampires. 
Adenyini’s was having a tough time keeping the council out of the situation, but everyone knew the Grand Magistrate sought to take Adenyini’s head. The hate between the two of them was known throughout the covenant but very few knew why. Kosoko knew every detail of their deadly feud, and his life depended on making sure he used that information wisely as he drove through the quaint small town to the hotel. It did not seem so bad after all. What he really saw was a new opportunity to broaden his own horizon. There was plenty of room for new development and he could build his heart’s desire. 
A fancy new nightclub would bring in a ritzy crowd with more money to spend. He would not have to deal with any lower-class ass junkies. Adenyini cursed at the closed door. He did not have time for Kosoko and his rebellious attitude today.


The Black Guard quietly moved through the woods not far behind their prey. The sulfuric scent still lingered behind the beast no matter how quickly it moved. Hughes, Wix, Iska, and Manjari moved down the center over the brush as the others fanned out in different angles to cover potential dead space. "Be aware of your position and surroundings," Manjari reminded them. The rain pelted hard on top of his bald head and streamed into his eyes. He listened carefully to all around him, he could faintly hear the roar of the small ATV engines, and he trudged on through the clay dirt and pine needles. He finally had a good lead on the creature. 
Jacobs ran through the mangled brush behind them. Hughes slid on the steep muddy slopes and wiped out hitting a large ditch in the ground. Jacobs did not stop checking on him. Hughes was ok with the elite reflexes and abilities of everyone on their team. The beast changed direction dodging him and running down the hill. Iska fired ahead into a tree and the branch fell in the path of the monster causing it to turn sideways back up the hill. Large droplets of water pelted the earth, she slowed the ATV down to keep it from rolling over. Two of the men gathered the three women and four kids together shoving them into the crawlspace under the pantry floor of the old house.  
A scared child who asked questions the father cannot answer instructs the child to hide while he checks the sound. she hid under the floor like she was told. He hears the violent thumping against the house as the mongrel looked for weak entry points. The eerie growl changed his mind, and he ran to hide with his family. She could hear it tearing in from the outside. She covered the ears of her children cowering at her sides. the door broke and gave way to a cloud of death, she looked at her husband sniveling in the corner of the room, the great love of her life whom she faithfully and blindly followed. 
They can hear the creature’s footsteps stomping through the house. The pounding continued as they ran away. The sounds intensified as the people cry out guns caulking the door shakes. The creature snarled as it entered the room, the man screamed in terror at the sight of it. Captivated by the glow of the oddly beautiful eyes, on such a horrendous form. The lights on the road loomed in the distance as their neighbors came. Peering out the window the headlights illuminate the beast in all its frightful glory. Their screams, crying and prayers were all she could hear as the car peeled backwards out of the driveway. The beast chasing him down jumps on top of the truck trapping the people inside. She should have left with the others she thought as she drew a .22 caliber handgun.
She raised it to the child’s head and pulled it. She could feel its body go instantly limp and the heat of the blood soaking her dress. The mongrel undisturbed at the sound as it mauled her mate.  It has been a good life she thought raising her hand a final time and pulled. Jacobs followed the foul scent lingering in the air and large footprints to a large farmhouse in the center of the trees. He raced through the tall blades of grass. As he got closer, the screams got louder. He clamored up the porch and through the mangled doorway. Entering the house. He barely kept himself from falling to the floor when his feet slipped out from under him due to the wet floor. It was a thick substance that reeked of ammonia.
He followed the smeared goo down a hall into the large kitchen and out a back door. Jacobs lost it at the end of the back steps into the mud. But the strong odor he still followed around a stone path to the back of an old barn. It looked like a storm cellar and a grave from the coppery scent of blood rising out. The electricity buzzed below, and the lights flicked on and off. The snarling and gnawing sounds as he descended into the cellar. Jacobs moves quickly to take covers, looks over shoulder and gives the team commands to spread out. 
When Manjari shines his light across the room they see the bloodied mess scattered around the room. The team slowly moves down to inspect them closer by surveying the immediate area. A narrow tunnel leads them into a bunker where the mongrel hisses in the shadows as their footsteps approach. They found the mongrel hunched over its meal of mangled meat corpses yanking pieces away. Wix fires from a crouched position hitting its torso. The mongrel roars and gallops away the gunshot’s echoes in the tunnel.
Jacobs receives a garbled transmission, “It’s headed your way!” Jacobs dodges to get out of its way but gets knocked down and loses control of his weapon and scrambles into a better defense position. He looks around space nervously searching for any type of barrier. Jacobs inches out of the hiding space quickly looking and glancing behind him regarding his back this time. his team approaches calling out to him, and he alerts them to his position. They reach him quickly enough to provide cover from the creature’s next attack. 
He breathes heavily on each word hurt from broken ribs. Jacobs directs his team on their next move.  Iska attempts to treat him and assures her he is fine. Jacobs raises himself painfully off the ground and advances along slowly. The creature snarls in the shadows behind him and he freezes, bracing for it to strike. He swallows hard and gathers his wits about him but the motion behind him made his heart drop. Jacobs quickly turns his weapon in the creature's direction and expels rapid fire. The mongrel charges and he holds his position. The mongrel leapt on him viciously tearing into his shoulder. 
He shoves his knife into the creature’s lower side causing it to release him. Multiple gunshots permeated flesh and Hughes’s four gauge exploded its head. Manjari and Wix drag the body rolling it off him before he loses consciousness under its weight. Just before it partially dissolves. The rapid deterioration of the beast body into acidic good with no identifiable traces left behind from which to gather clues. The solemn celebrated relief of the survivors was short-lived as they began to inspect the remnants. Doused with a counter agent to subdue the acid. They hoisted Jacobs up and carried him away from the scene with serious injuries.
 

Dakari Returns to diner to question witnesses of the shooting. Even though it was not his case. Odale’s sons told him he came here every morning. He found himself a spot at the counter and grabbed a menu. His stomach growled loudly upon entering the store. The smell of bacon frying baked bread, flame-grilled meat and burning wood.
“Good morning! You ready to order?” A mildly cheerful woman asked. Average height and curvy, slim was pretty. “Yes!” Dakari replied quickly. “Let get the fried steak and gravy, hash browns with onions and bell peppers, three eggs over easy, and two biscuits please.”
“You want a drink?” Izzy asked, “Coffee please.” He spoke. “Sure, back in a bit.” Izzy assured him. He watched her switch away and checked the place out. There was a variety of unique individuals. Most seemed to be just sitting enjoying a meal. Others chatted in busy conversations.
He studied them all interacting, exchanging queried glances with some. Where others could hide their interest in him, others did not. he could not blame them though. After all an outsider came and shot the place up. It was then he noticed a lot of them dressed in dark tones and fancy apparel. The funeral for Gannibal must be today.
He would wait a day or so before he bothered them. “Here you go.” Izzy greeted setting the plate in front of him. It looked delicious with abundant portions  cooked well. The steak had a unique spice blend, the biscuits melted in his mouth topped with a salty sweet, caramelized butter.
Dakari gobbled his food eyes wandering around the room. He figured he would eat peacefully first before getting the joint riled up. The diner really had a cozy hang out atmosphere. He liked it, the food was great! He could tell this was a closed community.
He chewed the last bite of the tender fried steak. Wiping gravy up with the last warm butter topped biscuit and stuffing it in his mouth. ”Damn!” he muttered leaning back from the counter. Good and full feeling great! Having grown up an outsider, Dakari appreciated the town’s traditional way of life.
“You, done with that?’ Izzy asked flirtatiously. Dakari smiled at the younger woman. Her peanut complexion and pretty smile. Head nodded yes and pushed the plate on her way. “Get you anything else?” Izzy asked. “Another coffee pleas.” Dakari answered. 
Izzy took the plate away and brought back the hot drink. The smell from the roasted beans wafted on steam as he enjoyed the smoky nutty flavor. When the server walked by again, he caught her attention.
“When you get a minute, I’d liked to ask about the shooting yesterday?” Dakari asked Izzy, whose smile made a quick downturn. “I will not have it anytime soon. Lot of things going on.” Izzy told him and snatched the plate away. She stomped off irritated with him. “Yep!” Dakari grunted. Best to wait awhile he thought paying his tab and leaving the diner.


Tawny Cameron would let her imagination soar with ideas of true love and fairytale romances, her heart could only dream of one day finding such a thing. Quinten, the father of her son Ryan, was at a one night stand she never wished for. They lived together for a year and during most of that time she was pregnant. At first it was going well, they talked all day every day about everything, He would come to pick her up and drop her off at work, take her lunch. Tawny had felt that he finally was a standup guy for a change. Of course, she could not have been more wrong. Tawny reviewed her current living situation and the numerous things that seemed to go wrong lately with her life, and it felt like she was never climbing out from rock bottom. The first thing she had to do was find a better job. The diner was steady income, but she still barely made enough to pay bills. "Think, think, think!" she kept telling herself as she looked at her resume on her laptop, "what is not in here or what can I change, damn why is this so difficult". Getting up for yet another cigarette, she walked outside onto the back patio. Tawny had a no-smoking policy in the house which she did not mind except on rainy days and cold nights, especially since she was chain smoking a pack day. 
She dragged another puff from her cigarette before flicking the butt into the grass and walked back into the house. 
Falling back onto the couch and grabbing the remote, she snuggled down to watch TV when she heard whimpering from the boy’s room. Tawny knew he had not gotten use to sleeping in his own bed yet.  “Aah!” Ryan cried out louder, “Baby, it’s ok” Tawny assured her son in a soothing tone. Tawny was praying to herself that he would not fully awake and then be up with her the rest of the night. The two-year-old slowly and stubbornly drifted off and answered her prayers. Although she had her own withdrawal symptoms of him sleeping next to her, Tawny was ready for her space back! 
Turning the television off, she decided the stereo would be better. When she turned it on Boney James was playing smoothly out the speakers. wishing she could open the bottle chilling in the refrigerator for the party tomorrow. But it was too expensive to replace considering she did not have the money. Tawny tried her best to relax, and the music was doing an excellent job until she heard the car’s loud throttle coming down the street. Tawny got up and peeped out the window just in time to see the black mustang pulling into the driveway. "He never calls first and then wants to pop up like all is good" she mumbled. 
Tawny was furious that he had not answered his phone for four days in a row. There was a lot she had to do and was not going to waste any time on Quinten. Tawny met him at the door, "Why don't you ever call first, or why don’t you try answering that raggedy ass phone of yours" she said blocking him from reaching the threshold. Pushing his way past her Quinten took a seat at the table. "Why don't you ever have any food cooked, what do you feed my son?" Quinten said looking at the stove. "First off you don’t live here so you don't eat here, secondly you are not his daddy” Tawny sneered, she was never nice to Quinten. The man was just a lazy wannabe drug dealer who also happened to be her longtime friend and landlord. Quinten walked over to Tawny and grabbed her ass. "You always got something slick to say girl, I know you been blowing up my phone though for some of this here" he said as he pinned Tawny against the refrigerator. Pushing him off and going to sit down Tawny shook her head at him, "yeah you wish that was it, I left a message about that damn thermostat, its cold as hell in this house Quinten quit being so fucking cheap and get Mack over here to fix it". He crossed his arms and feet leaning against the sink, "You play hard to get but always want to complain about everything, tell me how that works." Quinten was getting mad.
Tawny could tell because he started biting hip bottom lip. "We can always change our arrangement, but then if I start calling your Mama and complaining to her about all the shit you are supposed to have fixed up in here" Tawny said snapping her head and rolling her eyes. She knew Theodora would not let her only adopted grandson freeze in a cold house. "You need to get your shit together and stop thinking them weak ass threats will make a man like me do what your ass want" he told her, but his gaze was on her breast through the thin night gown underneath enough to see. 
Quinten took his phone out and called his maintenance guy, "hey man I need you to come over on 16th St and check this thermostat out". Tawny went out on the side door to smoke; she wondered if he would just leave or if she had to return the favor for this. "Hey, he said he'll be by here either today or tomorrow afternoon, and I'll be back a little later just to check on things" Quinten said rubbing his hands inside her robe and squeezing her breast. "Yeah ok, make sure you call first just to see if I'm home" Tawny could not say it enough. She flicked the butt into the grass and went inside to get ready for work. This was going to be a long day. She just hoped it would go by quickly looking forward to her double date later.


LATER
"Why don't you see what’s taking so long with those drinks Al, while I set 'em up, it's the least I can do bro, I mean I appreciate the lack of game you got on this table" Jay was having good laugh at Alan’s' expense. "Well don’t let your pockets get use to feeling that much cash man, cause I'm coming back for my shit" Alan bumped Jay as he walked past. I am onto the table laughing and headed to the bar.  Tawny had been looking forward to having night out, the bar was packed and a guy sitting on the other side gave her a smile and she smiled back but turned away quickly, not interested she thought and faced the opposite direction. Tawny was laughing with Kenyatta when the guy from the other side slips up behind her. "Can I buy you a drink" he said, hugging her. She was about to brush him off when she noticed Quinten leaning against the bar behind him. Where the fuck did, he come from, she thought.  Kenyatta was standing in line to order the drinks and did not see him because she was chatting with some man in front of her. 
Quinten stepped around the man and was face to face with Tawny. "Look Quinten we ain't together and I can tell people what I want, don’t start no drama tonight please If I knew you were here, I would have stayed home" Tawny turned her back to Quinten and sipped her drink. "Hey man, let me holler at my girl for a minute" Quinten asked Jay but grabbed Tawny by her arm and pulled her away from the bar. Kenyatta had finally made it to the front of the line and was about to order. "Hey Lil mama, you see Tawny" Alan asked her, Kenyatta looked for Tawny, but she was not by the bar, "She was around here somewhere Al" she wondered where. Alan was wondering the same thing, scanning the crowd for her. He caught sight of her moving through the crowd with some guy, she looked upset, and he saw why the guy was pulling her and she did not seem to want to go. “I see her" Alan told Kenyatta and headed for Tawny. He saw it was Quinten Alan and was sure Tawny might need his help. “You want to hang out in bars, you already looking for another man and treat me like I ain't good enough when I make more money than half these zeros in here" Quinten said to Tawny in her ear. 
He leaned in so quickly that he gave her a small head butt on her temple before she could move aside. "Quinten let go of my arm and leave me alone" Tawny was trying to free his grip which he held even tighter now, "What you too good for me now Tawny, you think I'm a let you use me like some punk" Quinten had dragged her through the crowd of people and into the hallway by the bathrooms. Tawny was struggling now to free herself, pulling her arm as hard as she could she slipped free. But Quinten caught her and slammed her into the wall.  "Guess what Tawny I'm not done with you, so you need to take your ass home while you got the chance" Quinten's threat was serious. "Quinten I'm not doing this with you, and I'm not going to let you force me to do shit I don't want too" Tawny pushed Quinten back off her and started to walk away when he hit her on the side of her head knocking her back into the wall.
"See that’s your problem girl, who do you think you’re talking to first" Quinten now hit her by the back of her neck. She could feel the side of her face swelling up under her eye. Alan came around the corner in time to see Quinten shaking Tawny by her neck like a doll. "Quinten, what the hell you think you doing man?" Alan pushed Quinten back and grabbed Tawny away from him, right on time she thought. "Fool this ain't your business, so stay out of my shit" Quinten told him as he walked up to Alan.  “Alan let’s just go" Tawny said nursing the side of her face. Alan could see a bump forming under her eye. "Fool, I know you didn’t hit her" Alan said pushing Quinten back into the wall again with a lot more force. Quinten swung on Alan and caught him in the mouth. Alan retaliated with a left that knocked Quinten to the ground.  A small crowd was now gathering in the hallway to see the commotion. Security scrambled in through and told Alan and Tawny to leave and Quinten got up wiping the blood from his mouth. "Bitch what I tell" Quinten said to Tawny trying to reach her through the crowd.
As Alan and Tawny reached the door Alan turned just in time to catch Quinten charging him. Quinten tackled Alan to the ground knocking down sideways and off balance in her heels. Wrestling on the ground, Security was having a tough time breaking them apart. Alan was finally able to free himself from both security and Quinten. "Fuck this shit man come on Tawny" Alan tried to say and catch his breath at the same time. They made it to Alan's truck, but Quinten was persistent and walked their way still cussing them out and making threats. Tawny could tell that the arguing would turn violent again at any moment. Quinten Dunbar was an aggressive person and had to have things his way. "Please Alan let’s just leave", Tawny was trying her best to get him away from Quinten. “Naw, fuck this Fool hey man you get your ass out the car and I'm a show you who you are fucking with Bitch!"  Alan was already walking back around the truck "Muthafucker ain't nobody worried about you, weak ass Fool." yelled back Quinten. 

Alan swung a hard right hitting Quinten who stumbled back a few feet and regained his ground Quinten charged Alan and they both hit Alan's truck denting the hood. Tawny was scared and could not think, they were wrestling on the truck punching each other violently. The guard from the club and another fellow finally managed to pull the two apart.  Tawny grabbed Alan with both of her hands gripping his arm and pulling him to the driver's side of the truck.
"Please Alan lets go before they call the police" Tawny begged him, tears running down her face and shaking Alan realized Tawny was terrified. "Come on and get in," he gave her a quick hug and she climbed over the seat. Quinten was still cussing at them and arguing with security. Alan put the truck in reverse and headed for the street. Swing the truck around and throwing it into the drive, he burned rubber out the lot. "What the fuck was all that about Tawny” Alan yelled unable to control his anger. “I don’t know what just happened, the man surprised me at the bar and started acting psycho cause another dude was talking to me" Tawny shook her head and held the side of her face. 
He pulled the overhead mirror down to get a better look at the damage. “So is that what you like now baby, getting your ass kicked in the clubs by jealous men" Alan asked her upset still seeing her eye begin to turn black. 
"Why would you think that I've never been with a man who beat on me" Tawny was embarrassed that it happened this time. "I let Quinten ass go just because he started getting bossy with me something told me he might be a hitter" Tawny was looking down at her feet, damn! those were new shoes and now they were scuffed up badly. "Let me call Kenyatta, I forgot all about her. The shit happened so fast" Tawny pulled her phone out of her purse. "Girl, I know" Tawny did not get the chance to say much else Kenyatta was going a mile a minute as soon as she answered the phone. "Ask her to pick up Jay for me, they can meet us back at my house" Alan told her, but She could not get a word in. Quinten ass started some shit with him when yawl left, his ass only calmed down when the police pulled on the lot then he left". Tawny could hear Jay mumbling something through the phone. "We are on our way; he wants to stop by the 'L first hell I still need a drink too" Kenyatta was determined to get a buzz going. 
"Ok meet us at Alan’s house, bye" Tawny hung up and leaned her head against the window. "You need to stop letting these crazy ass dudes hit that ass girl" Alan said pulling her skirt up and rubbing her leg. "That ain’t got anything to do with it, you got jokes huh" Tawny looked at him sideways for a moment. "You never went crazy as much as you got, so I know that ain't it". Alan laughed at her, 'Yes I did' he thought he knew that was it, Quinten obviously could not get over the feeling either. Alan was not about to let him have his way with her and was not going to let him beat the shit out her either. Tawny looked at the windows to her house.  “What am I going to tell the people at work about my face?” Tawny mumbled. “You already put your walking papers in baby, and by the time you start here it’ll be gone!" Alan suggested. “Ms. Patty won’t like it” she countered. “No, she will not he laughed. “Good luck with that by the way”. They made back to his place in silence. “Come on I got something to calm your nerves” he told her helping her out of the truck. "Damn what’s taking them so long" Tawny was stretched out in Alan’s favorite chair. 
Alan laughed "just be cool maybe they decided to do other things” he rolled another blunt and leaned back on the couch. "You need to stop smoking so much weed “Tawny replied. "So, you don’t want to hit this huh" he asked her to hold out the blunt smiling. Tawny swung her legs off the arm of the chair and took the blunt from him. “Sit over here so I don’t have to keep getting up to pass it" Alan ordered her. Tawny got up and sat next to him on the couch, "Why don’t you put a movie or something in, I’m sick of videos" Tawny said as she began to choke on the weed smoke. Coughing so hard her eyes were watering Tawny handed it back to Alan. He got up and sat next to the TV, Tawny was looking at him, went through the VCR tapes and noticed she could see right up his shorts leg to his thigh. 
His penis was snuggled up against his thigh, the head peeking through his boxer shorts. Tawny had never really been aroused by Alan before, and she supposed it was the weed making her feel like that now. "What about this one" Alan asked her but she did not hear him, she was still staring at his penis. Alan followed her eyes down to his crouch and started laughing, "T" he yelled out, "what are staring at nasty" Tawny could feel herself blushing, if she wasn't so dark, he would see her face turn red. “Boy whatever, I just dazed off shit I’m so high ain't no telling what I was looking at" Tawny laughed, Alan himself aroused at the thought of her seeing his dick. "Do you want to watch this or not” he said holding up the tape, so she could view the cover “put it in" Tawny said. Alan came back over to the couch and passed her the blunt back; he was rocking his leg back from side to side and stopped with his legs spread apart and Tawny could see his penis print again. 
Alan could see her looking down at his crouch again and it aroused him some more, but this time he was not going to call her on it. Alan rested his hand over his groin and massaged himself a little, this made his dick get stiffer and it raised more through his shorts. Tawny was looking with her head down at him and it was obvious what she was looking at. Blowing the smoke out she passed him the blunt back and he had to move his hand to take it exposing the now fully erect penis between his legs. "T, rub on it for me while I smoke" Alan asked her. "Why would you want to start teasing yourself" Tawny said smiling, but she shifted her knee up more on the couch, so she faced him. "You don’t want to help me get it to go back down, you got me like this" Alan told her in his Luther Vandross voice, he sounded so sexy when he said it Tawny could fell herself throbbing between her own legs. 

She looked at him and without breaking her glance placed her direct him and rubbed him up and down.
Alan slid down the couch and opened his pants, pulling out his penis for her to see it better and him to feel her warm hands. "Your kind of big Alan, I see why the girls keep chasing you around" Tawny said playing with him but amazed at his size. "Mm, your hands are softer than theirs though" Alan moaned and turned his head so they were face to face and began kissing her on the neck. "You smell better to Tawny" he said and began licking her neck in a circular motion with his tongue and rubbing on her breast. 
"Alan, we are playing a round or going all the way with this" Tawny asked him, “I've always wanted to go all the way with you Tawny" he said in a serious tone then kissed her on the mouth. Tawny leaned back until she was lying down on the couch pulling him down on top of her. Alan raised her shirt up and unzipped her jeans, pulling them down to her knees. He pulled his own shorts completely off and stood up over her exposing his full body to her. He was beautiful Tawny thought. Muscular all over and his even dark skin made his light-colored penis stand out more.  Tawny kicked her pants off until she had one leg free, and Alan lay back on top of her. 
She closed her eyes when she felt his fingers finding the opening to her vagina and sliding two of them into her.  "Your pussy's wet already" Alan said in her ear "but I’m going to keep playing with it for a minute baby", Tawny pushed her body down and squeezed her vaginal muscles, so his fingers went deeper into her. “So, I'm baby now huh" Tawny asked him in a whisper voice, "from now on you might be, you ok with that" he answered her and pushed is penis into her slowly.  "Ah" Tawny moaned unexpectedly as she relaxed to the size of him going deeper into her. 
Alan began humping into her more vigorously and rotating the motion it felt good Tawny thought and began raising her hips to meet his as he came down into her. Moaning and sweating together, their actions went on for only a short while when a hard knock on the door startling them both into reality.  "Who is it" Alan yelled angrily but did not pull himself out of her, she felt his penis throbbing inside her and wiggled on it to feel it more.  Alan squeezed the butt cheek he had cupped in his hand and pulled out.  
The knock continued as he grabbed his boxers and walked to the door. Tawny sat up and grabbed for her panties and jeans racing to the kitchen for cover.  The shaking in her legs started as she pulled her panties up, she felt the hot liquid run down her inner thigh from her vagina. Alan walked into the kitchen with their food wearing only his boxers. "Why are you dressed?" he asked her annoyed that he had to stop having sex with her. "Tawny started laughing, “Let’s just eat cause I’m hungry for real now" she told him. "Naw baby please let me finish, you want it too I felt you cum on me" Alan was rubbing himself against her and pulling her up on to him. "I thought we were just helping you get him to go down" she asked him. 
"Your pussy is too good, I'm still hard and I still want you Tawny" Alan said and started kissing her. Alan pulled her upstairs and into bed with him, and once again she felt him going deeper into her, she wanted it just as much as he did. It was as if he could hear her thoughts, and he began stroking her harder and faster until she felt her body shake.  Tawny was having her first orgasm.  "Oh, baby cum all on my dick, you want this dick don’t you baby". Alan was so excited just hearing himself talk to her like that and feeling her hot juices and vaginal wall squeeze him so tight he started to cum himself.  The gathering in the staff of his penis and shot out with such force he jerked his body into an almost fetal position, hugging Tawny under him and pinning her still until he felt the last of it slowly squirt into her. 
He moved down to her pussy and spread it open. She had a beautiful mound, and it was hot pink on the inside and hairy on the outside. He took his finger and played inside it for a minute and then licked it again. Alan felt her legs tense up again and she was pressing them hard against his head, then she released her juice. He climbed on top of her and slammed his dick into her harder. Tawny felt to exhausted for another orgasm, but she did not tell him to stop. It was sexy how she moaned and grabbed his ass.  Her breasts bouncing around from the force he was thrusting himself into her with. Tawny had her eyes fixed on his and never looked away.  "This is your pussy baby!" she screamed, "hit that shit baby fuck me harder", he did, and it made him cum hard and long. 








Dr. Adair shuffled the papers around, frustrated with the contents of the file. She was unfamiliar with her next patients’ mental history. And the file she had been trying to make sense of did a poor job of offering any insight into it. It only raised more questions. Rosewood’s agreement was to provide mental health services and evaluations, on behalf of the State, in exchange for funding. Not necessarily right but well-regarded practice. This was her first rotation in the pool of doctors who volunteered services to the program. Each more so for the benefit of patient access. 
Dr. Adair did not anticipate the workload for such a small community. But the information she gathered for her research into multifactorial inheritance, a combination of multiple genetic and environmental factors. Traditionally thought to be distinct genetic glitches. There are no genetic tests to confirm a diagnosis of mental disorder. Because experience and environment play a key role in the development of mental disorders. Their shared symptoms suggest they may also share similarities at the biological level. “There you go!” she exclaimed pulling the treatment record sheet out.
 She skimmed through the jargon as quickly as she could, but the intercom buzzed. “It’s time for you to head out Dr. Adair.” Yolonda reminded her. She looked at the time on her computer. Ms. Tunie had two diagnoses from previous records. Bipolar disorder type 1 (classical form of the condition) in which individuals develop extreme forms of maniac, lose touch with reality, often become psychotic, and have delusions and hallucinations. Yes, alters have hit me too, similarly to what you describe. One even pulled out a gun and shot me, but I decided to be super aware that it was my own inner world, so nothing can kill me there, and got back up in the mental image.  
None of them have been able to kill each other or me, despite having had a good few tries to. They have tried to kill the ones they do not trust, who they think will bring them or the system trouble if they let them go on. “I don't really know where you should begin, one thing that comes to mind is what do your helpers think of him?” I watched one of the parts try to kill another part before they could become host. Nobody wanted to stop them because we were all scared of the switch happening. but 
then I also did not think it was real but then other part disappeared, and the nasty part did kill them normally nasty parts just say sad things they do not do terrible things. do not like the change. Patima listened as the psychiatrist testified that she was suffering from delusions at the time of the shooting and was incapable of deciding right from wrong. At the time of the shooting, thus being insane. “It is my recommendation that Miss Tunie be committed to a mental institution for further evaluation and treatment”. Angelique finished her statement.


A lighthearted masculine voice greeted her with a pleasing expression. He laughed low and deep. He was sitting on a weight bench waiting for her and he smiled genuinely for the first time, hitting Johnari like a fist to the gut. He was so handsome, and the sexiness of his smile nearly undid her. “For a minute I thought maybe you had changed your mind” he spoke walking towards her. His swagger directed Johnari’s eyes to his hips and then his large thighs. Stallion immediately came to mind when the corded muscles flexed with each step. 
Karen watched as pool in the corner of her mouth and slowly slid down the side of her chin her beautiful lips were swollen his tongue long to taste both as his body grew dizzy with passion the sweet copper scent drawing him like a man star for food his mouth dry from thirst January took full advantage of his distraction she threw a left job followed by right before he dodged the next flow and countered with a job of his own she brought her left knee up to strike but his Saint at the last second gave him the advantage
 as he captured her leg and forced his way into her using the weak side as Leverage she hit them at hard but she quickly used her free leg to twist it around his shoulders and bring her leg back up to meet it as she locked them together at the ankles pinning his right arm and neck in a headlock Her generous size slim waist big hips long legs flat tummy something dark flicker than his eyes he pushed to his seat he didn't know how she was controlling him but the strong feminine posture and bad girl attitude made him narrow and on her the underlying pain in her hands caused them to shake uncontrollably.
The crotch of his pants did not go unnoticed either. as the bulge sitting snug on his left leg made her mouth water.
She knew his erection would be important if she ever got to see it. When her hand paused over the whip Darian breath caught in his chest, and when she passed over it, he let it go disappointed. She had him in a headlock with her legs wrapped around his neck. his left arm trapped between her thighs over-extending the joint painfully as she applied pressure on his wrist. The more he gasped for the air the more he could smell her arousal. He was inches away from the apex he desperately wanted to taste. 
He lifted himself up onto his knees, folding her legs high against her shoulders. Giving him the perfect view of the wet stain covering her mound. He dipped his head between her legs. And covered her sex with his mouth gripping it between his lips. Her thighs squeezed harder against his head when he licked the fabric over her swollen nub. Shudders racked Johnari’s body as she climaxed. The lusty moan excited him as he yanked her pants at the waist and pulled them down. The course hairs glistening on her pussy as he began to lick harder and suck on it. 
Johnari tried to scoot herself away but when two of his fingers entered her channel she cried out in ecstasy. Darian had never put his mouth on a woman so eagerly or with such intensity as he was doing with Johnari. Her musky scent and tight opening called to him as his dick swelled even harder throbbing to pound into her. He pushed his shorts down far enough to free himself, and with hand pumped his cock as the other held her pink folds open to tongue. As her body trembled with her next climax, Darian rose pumping vigorously on himself until he erupted onto her stomach in thick white streams. Both breathing hard he leaned over her with his arms on either side of her head. 
She would not look at him but turned her head to the side as tears streamed across her nose. “Please get off me” she asked pushing against his chest as she rolled herself away. “Johnari” Darian called to her, but she ran out of the room as quickly as she could. “Fuck!” Darian yelled as he pounded his fist onto the floor. This was not what he had in mind to do at all.  He snatched his pants back up and headed to the shower.


Tiran stared at the woman as she walked into the meeting room. Shocked that he could suddenly feel the strong emotions he did not think he would have. He rejected the mate bond nine years ago although they had not gotten the bond severed for good. His father had the shaman quell it. His eyes narrowed and chest seeds when her scent reached him, he would never forget it he did not believe something could change so much the smell was heavier muscular than what it was in her youth Johnari had changed too. the older version of the outcasts stood before him as a grown woman her once emaciated face was full and flawless high cheekbones and slender chin. Her full lives and Cat shaved eyes look more mature. 
The gangly flat chested body has filled out all the right places. She had weight on her, and it was said to be perfect. And full tear Shake breasts, slim waist, and why hips that curve down into her long-shaped legs. She was sexy and he hated it he hated he was so drunk to a woman he had pushed away rejected so cruelty it had isolated her from the rest of the pack and forced her to leave a few inches taller she looks stronger and fearless. her muscled arms and legs gave her an athletic build which made him wonder about her current lifestyle is that the Rayfield girl?” he heard someone behind him say. “I believe it is!” someone else replied.
“Well, she certainly making her come back with a grand entrance!” another voice retorted tearing growl out of Tiran. Loud enough for anyone near to hear the comments stopped immediately he be rated himself for his reaction. 
He could not have emotional reactions in front of everyone when she began to speak to the castle, she commanded his attention, her sultry tender and thick accent enunciated every word methodically he wanted badly for her to meet his gaze. 

Johnari stood before the Elder Council, the few times which she was summoned before she still was not used to their powerful presence. Johnari sat in a single chair that faced the oblong table surrounded by four chairs in the meeting room. Sparsely furnished, the flicker of candles was the only illumination that breached the shadows. “All those having business before this honorable court are to draw near, give your attention to be heard.” An entryway on the right side of the diaries opens and four cloaked figures gingerly made their way up the steps to the table. 
Servers steeped from the shadow drawing out their chairs and pushed their master’s to the table once they had seat can which was skeletal way to the air and candles instantly came to life around the room is in fascination. She never looked directly upon him. Her eyes focused only on the high Elders at the center of the table. When her time ended, she turned and walked stoically out of the room. He wanted to follow her, but he knew he could not. What could he even say to her? I apologize for what he done to her. Yes, right! There was no way she forgives him to accept it anyway. He listened until the meeting was over leaving the meeting Hall. 
He met Gracie in the parking lot removing his suit jacket and throwing it on the seat beside him damn this it gets wrinkled. Head home tearing instructed Gracie when he had the car and drive and exited on to the main road Gracie looked in the rear view mirror he knew what had Terran is such a bad mood there was no way anyone could have missed the woman although her features had grown and changed for the better Gracie thought Terrence reaction to his mate, or should he say rejected mate returning to free Rivers. So, um yes Gracie started to speak Terrence glare into the mirror and dominant alpha or in return did not in this way Gracie from speaking further. 
Well, she looked great he spat on a chuckle how she looks doesn't matter. She doesn't matter Karen angrily said then what are you mad about if she doesn't matter Gracie asks mocking his earlier tone she asks for relief from seclusion Gracie humble and response it has been years past time for it to get lifted Gracie says but why now Terrence said even though he heard her reasons with his own ears she wanted clemency for her friend it won't affect things with your duties Gracie falsely assured him I doubt it's something she'll want to be a part of again parent replied turning his face towards the window speak of the devil Gracie Chimes slowly to a stop at the traffic light in the lane next to them was a gunmetal gray Ford F-150 
Taryn couldn't see much through the tinted windows but he felt that it was her when the light turns green both vehicles accelerate through it and when the truck turn signal flashes right tearing can't help but follow tell her he tells Gracie who moves the vehicle for hotter and two other vehicles into the turn lane they wind their way through a shopping plaza the vehicle parks in front of a road shops generic carrying a duffle bag climbs down from the truck and walks into the building 
Gracie pulls the car a few spots down to part her truck blocking the view from the window it's a boxing gym Gracie says as if the letters above the building awning didn't tell him just that boxing a mixed martial arts Club so she's a fighter tearing thought as if reading his mind Gracie belted explains the body tearing punched the back of his head rest causing him to laugh let's go already tells him studying further down into his seat he pinches his nose between the eyes uh-huh Gracie replied saying little else on the drive home.


The council members dismissed all the others from the room.  “Audra, have you made any progress with your testing.?” Asked (?) “Lex, the human specimen has achieved remarkable results compared to the other specimen.  We lost a few more to the buyer,” she paused for a moment and continued.  “The previous specimen, the female was without doubt the closest we could have hoped to stabilize in such a brief time frame.” “But we haven't a clue to her whereabouts” she spoke remorselessly.  That human female was the epitome of her success with the breeding project.  
The virus mutated successfully within her genome without corruption of living cells.  And she still produced embryos from reproductive organs that were receptive to the spiral HELIX of the species. “And what of the male specimen” Jebi questioned.  “It would be hard to confirm with any certainty.  While captive he presented a gradual pace with his transformation, he had just reached maturity when any meaningful change could be recorded herby responded his blood mutated first and then his bones quite painfully in fact it lasted longer than the females. 
in his features were more pronounce more permanent hers only presented when agitated along with her strength again Audra looked disappointed and desponding she had a deep sense of loss for the female she had begun to mother her in her early adolescence and bonded with her in the years since of the embryos collected from her and injected how soon will the clones be ready for the transference he asked we have very little time before we can place ourselves in them for the journey he stated 
reminding them all of their immortality due to the inferior bodies which need a constant fresh blood to keep them from deteriorating they are mature enough to survive the transfer each one of our clones has been slowly infused with the blood collected from you as I said before the mail takes longer to regenerate and mutate they are in the final stages as we speak I was suggest that we each do it in different intervals since in order to catch any unforeseen complications if the blood drain from your current holes leaves it on and had a habitable afterword
Then I trust you've made a backup plan to coincide with that theory Audra (?) asked the tension in the room they can of course she sneered back you will simply possess the nobles we've kept in stasis since our first voyage the corpse has been preserved with pureblood in the brain tissue removed and the other organs of our species they were leaders of the rebellion captured near the end of the war we have no fear of any current house recognizing them since their bloodlines were all exterminated for treason 
and how or Eisen team a fairy they have both been transferred to stasis pots aboard the Ark once we have completed half our journey they will be awakened and isolated the remainder of the journey we had split equal portions of UAC's blood into them after the fate of course herby assured when she saw a Dolly Steve you elongate it at the mention of the predecessor's name she wanted to laugh at the man for still bearing his hatred so violently.


Adah sat watching the news taking sips of her drink. It had been an interesting week in town with all the new folks moving in.  She had been lucky enough to get a job with the head honcho of them all she congratulated herself. She was good at not letting on that she knew about them. The truth was her family had served them since the beginning. She had ancestors that reached all the way back to the Beloved One. Now she had the honor of restoring her family’s name by serving once again in the first house. Like her ancestors, Ms. Adah was a mystic. 
Today they are these so-called psychics, but her gift of clairvoyance was authentic. Her sight had been coming to her for a long time guiding her to this town. She had followed it happily when the visions first came, she was pregnant with Alan. She had also been addicted to cracks, which was how she lost her first birth. She thought it had been the drugs making her see things. But as they became clear images, she remembered all the oral stories her grandmother told her as a child. Then she believed they were old wise tales from a very eccentric old lady. Adah stared at the vase on her mantle. The old tin jar looked like something dug up out the backyard. It was an incredibly old ancient piece that was handed down for generations. 
Her grandmother and those who came before her with the gift had the honor of being there and Adah would too. Everything had been set into motion now. There would be a lot of pain and suffering to get there she knew. But none of the people involved could escape their fates. Some would find their destiny while others would reap what they have sown. Karma was truly magnificent. When her glass was empty, she went to bed. The housewarming was tomorrow and there was still much to do and since the expert would be at an event himself, she had the night off. It never took Adah long to fall asleep, within seconds she was dreaming of the past. 
She was walking through a great hall of stone and gold obelisks with beautifully painted carved walls. The strong smell of burning myrrh filled the hall and grew stronger as closely she got to the sanctuary. She could hear music, a Harp with a sistrum accompanied by sweet voices. As she entered the sanctuary it began to fade, the music and voices disappeared as did the scents. Adah stood in an empty room filled only with black smoke. The shadows began talking to her, telling her what to do. “Yes” she answered them.” Yes, I will do as you command!” A nightmare of the past came back to her dreams.
Janari said in the parking garage a long while before climbing out and entering the hospital Jolly had insisted that she see her grandmother with such urgency she felt guilty into the visit had a stepping off the elevator on to Hattie's floor She tried to temp down the unease growing inside her she stopped at the nurses station to ask Direction when she turned the corner to the rooms hallway she called seeing the family members conversing outside the door when they are finally alone binary sits in the chair closest to the bed Grand Jamari whispered 
how he opened her eyes slowly taking a deep breath the rattle in her chest didn't sound good her old face Ashen and sweating Little Joe Hattie answer drawing another deep breath yes ma'am Janelle already says no time left now had he weave time for what January asks listen on child had to continue we did this all in good faith baby she said but it's time to end it she calls her words harshly for a while after the stress ease she continued please forgive us she whispered reaching a gentle hand out for canard when janari took her hand and both of her own rubbing it softly granny what's this all about Janardan question 
I don't understand what you're talking about how do fingers twitch and still a sudden warmth grew between them and it started in the palms of her hands and it creeped its way under her skin of her arm her body sees causing her to jerk and release her grandmother's hand she felt suspended in place as paying course through her body she didn't remember when she blacked out but waking up slouched in the chair Stephan confused with someone shaking her shoulder a quiet voice call as understanding came back to her Shanri looked around the hospital room 
Jolly stood against the wall by the door sit in a chair on the opposite side of the bed the person who shook her was crashed down beside her looking at her somberly stood and patted her shoulder what happened Jamari acts adjusting herself slowly in the chair no one knows sweetie they answered her when we came back a while ago we found you like this they stayed at calmly granny and Joe AG serving the bed Hattie was still at death's door her skin was covered in a Milky transparent membrane substance what's happening towards she's answered 
her hibernation face Jolly replied I hope you had the chance to hear out Juliet stated but it seemed more of a question I didn't really understand anything she said Jamari told him she was talking and cryptic sentences otter can't explain the rest of it to you Jolly told her when you're able to go home and rest first okay Eugenie suggested you can visit her tomorrow maybe binary stood a little woozy on her feet she left without another word to say to them she walked quickly to her truck inside the parking garage she climbed into it 
setting herself behind the when wrapping her arms around her Center she rested her head against the steering wheel what the fuck had had he done to her but now she couldn't be asked to elaborate binary shivered against a phantom chill still trickling through her body the longer she was here the more shit seem to stick to her fuck it she stammered starting the truck she need an answer from Ida tonight so she go over to the Rayfield’s to get them.

Ada stared out the window as heavy sweat she'd been very worried about her longtime friend they're used a thing of the past many years ago they've been through so much together the joys and sorrow offered in life what she lose all of it the nurse came into the room quietly and startled out of the petite 98 lb. woman oh I'm sorry ma'am she apologized that's all right dear my thoughts were elsewhere out of smile warmly at the nurse darling check Hattie's monitoring machine made notes in her digital chart and was done quickly how long you going to keep pretending you sleep 
out of spoke allowed headache took a couple deep breaths trying to sleep ain't nobody pretending she answered back people in and out of the room all day and night how can I rest had he complained well I'm not sitting here all day I got things to do you don't do nothing either but things had he asked what did you want out of eggs I want us to release January had a proclaimed I figured that was it out of lamented I saw a girl the other the other day last time it was she was just a baby
 I made a bad decision that needs fixing now either had to admitted a tears streaming from the corner of her eye I won't be here to help protect her anymore and you won't be strong enough without me I know I agree turning to face the bed she won't forgive us when she knows the truth about it all if she doesn't hate us now she will when we do this tour we got to give her powers we have to give her back a means to protect herself it will only alienate her more in the c with the cousin the pack will force her back out if they don't kill her first there's no way around it we got to do this 
we got to make it right she is strong enough now she can oversee the pack they are so antiquated they have killed female Alphas in the past Shannara will be no different. It's what must be done and it's got to be done now no more waiting either no more time no more time is left for us or for her how did he the heavy side and turned her body to look back out the window I guess you're right then the wrong fell silent as both women reminisce over the secret they've kept.


Adenyini w/Kosoko
Kosoko sat at the bar watching as the reckless man fondle the girl sitting next to him. Even though they shrouded in the darkness of the club, he watched the man’s hand circle in and out between her thighs. She giggled at something he must have said as he sucked her neck. The public display was not going unnoticed by the other patrons either. No one seemed to mind though, this was not the type of place that would.  The seedy bar frequented by users and givers, the druggies, and the whores and those that sought them out.  
The server arrived with another round of drinks at their table. Only after she nudged his foot did he acknowledge her presence. They argued for a moment then he swiped the glasses off the table and threw money at her. A man sitting on the end of the bar approached and ordered the couple out. The man laughed at him and flung curses before grabbing the woman’s arm and dragging her out the booth.  They were followed by two other men shoving their way through the crowed club to the exit.  Kosoko paid for his drink and exited the club behind them.  
He paced behind their staggering bodies as they moved along the rows of run-down shops and merchant carts before they ducked off between two buildings and continued their sexual exploring. The man paused and shoved his sleeve up the frantically pulled a syringe from his arm and stuck himself with it. His head fell back on his shoulders, and he swayed slightly from side to side as the drug was taking a hold of him quickly.  Kosoko was quickly becoming weary of playing a silent protector, but the man was his responsibility and his alone.  His origin and the importance of it on Kosoko’s future hindered on keeping him safe and under the radar.  He hated the fact that the smug bastard had complete control of him. 
The Ruppion distribution was making more money than he could have dreamed as he smuggled it across the same routes as the Vein. The drugged out half breed was tearing into her neck like a wild beast. With the amount of blood spilling out of her body, he would not get the satisfaction he hungered for from this victim. He drove into her with just as much viciousness. Pounding into her so hard Kosoko could hear her pelvic bones cracking as it hit the concrete.  The man’s fingers gorged the woman’s breasts as he fondled them. 
With his own arousal peeking inside of his jeans, Kosoko knew it had been an exceptionally long time since he himself could indulge the animal within. He wanted to hunt and consume his prey on instinct alone.  He fondled his member into a stone erection with the sensations vibrating through his body, heating his blood.  Kosoko frantically freed himself so he could masturbate with both hands kneading his swollen sack preparing for the burst of semen that was quickly about to erupt from his body.  
He had not noticed the man disappear into the night.  Leaving the woman’s mangled body in the street. Patient Zero was on the loose and Freewood might never recover. The vibrations from his phone finally caught his attention. He arranged it himself and pulled it from inside the jacket’s pocket. “Hello” he greeted, already feeling his pleasure draining from loathing the interruption. “Sir, the shipment ran into a surprise check point near Chicago, the product was all confiscated by an Inquiry Unit” Shigidi replied nervously. Kosoko knew the dangers if even one of the men on the delivery team went before an Inquisitor. 
Their methods of interrogation were nothing less than torture, without any regards to the person questioned.
“We have to know which office they were taken to immediately Shigidi” Kosoko demanded. “Call him and tell him to eliminate everyone that is involved”.  Kosoko ended the call a little fearful of the coming hours.  As long the road ahead did not lead back to him, it would be business as usual. The sales of Ruppion were going to make him a rich man in a noticeably fleeting time if could he hold out a while longer. 
He had to get to The Darkroom. Arrangements to make and he could work freely without Council spies interfering. Compared to Chicago where the Nobles lived in District 2, with a heavy presence of officials. The real question was how did the Inquiry Unit know where to find the delivery? Kosoko changed the men, time, and vehicle for each run. The only person beside himself who knew all the details was himself, and that snake in his right hand. He had to eliminate more than one problem after tonight. If Shigidi thought he was an idiot, he would soon find out the hard way just how clever he could be.  

(FLASHBACK)
The explosion hurled Taira Robichaux to the floor with rubble and dust. She cowered in a huddle on the floor curled over her stomach. The severe cramping in her abdominal muscles seized her body causing her more anguish. The black smoke soon became filled by the arrival of a colossus form as it stalked into the room. "For what reason, do you hide, wicked one?" Adenyini sneered. "Your judgment is upon thee!” Adenyini sang as he walked into the room. “It’s time to get punished for your sins!" he told Taira as she gathered herself together, slowly rising from the floor to her fate.  
The muscles constricting in her abdomen pulling painfully in her body ceased her defiance. Taira despaired the inevitable, "oh omo, please wait “she mewled. Adenyini’s ire increased at the audacity of this lower creature's inclusion of self into his sphere. His abhorrence for their kind reeked from his skin and darkened his luminance. Adenyini slammed his fist into the side of her face, collapsing her cheekbone like brittle glass. The other fist came down connecting with her jaw shattering her teeth.  
Her entire face was a bevy of pain almost causing her to black out. As Taira's head hovered over her back, Adenyini spoke to her again. “Where is your King now?" his voice a rich baritone snarled into her ear. Adenyini’s frigid breath pricked the hairs all over her body. The increasing pressure between her legs hurt her as she dangled in Adenyini’s grip.  He hauled her into a tilt against him body and his body were suddenly inert.  Adenyini finally drew in a deep breath, but not through his mouth.
 Taira felt him sniffing her his fingernails digging into her arms cutting into the skin.  Adenyini threw Taira effortlessly into the wall, lifting her body completely from the ground. The veritable force of his strength and the solid surface of the wall combined, jarred her body with a radiating pain. Adenyini pinned Taira against the wall and shredded the cloths on her body. “I know of your sins" he whispered kissing the back of her neck." I, more than most understand the urges to join our bodies with your kind" his hands firmly rubbed up and down her thighs. 
Taira tried to shove away from the wall, but it was pointless.  Adenyini did not budge but ground his own hips into Taira's ass nudging it with his enormous erection. Taira was instantly sickened to feel his member slide between her legs and stroke her cunt. The engorged crown penetrated her orifice and stretched her painfully although she had widened already from the labor. He began thrusting just the head into her, the girth of his penis terrifying her with the thought that she would be ripped apart at any moment.  
Her contractions came upon her severely and she felt the baby squeeze itself through her canal.  Adenyini released her body from against the wall and stepped back as Taira once again found herself kneeling on the floor. She was beaten, exhausted, fevered, and her pulse was racing. Her contractions were strong and painful, with little relaxation between them. Taira's sheath ruptured and her fluid escaped. Her uterus contracted, retracted, and forced her baby into the lower section, which was now overstretched.  
Taira’s blood vessels tore as the placenta pulled away from the wall of her uterus and lost the strength to contract. It failed to constrict strongly enough, blood vessels severed bleeding out.  Taira could not know it, but she was hemorrhaging and without any way to stop it, she would be dead soon. The head of her baby, who showed signs of fetal distress, overlapped the brim of her pelvis; her uterus was molded around him.  Taira slipped quickly into unconsciousness leaving fate behind.
Agiso could see the black smoke rising into a warm amber rich skyline. The Coven was annihilated; the red clay ground was covered with ash and smoldering bodies. His lustful and selfish needs were the only reason this kind of vengeance had been handed out. Evil could never be extinguished, and he knew the source of this madness was going to be impossible to contain. Agiso could smell the miasma of smoldering earth, flesh, and blood as he made his way to the safe house. Grief-stricken Agiso crossed over the threshold, “Aawe’le” he called to her as he crawled up along her motionless form. 
The painful silence made him want more than anything to hear her voice. Barely able to recognize her face Agiso pulled her into his arms. Unable to contain it all a moment longer, sobs racked his body, finally overwhelmed with sorrow. His tears pooled into the hollow of her collarbone where he had pressed his face into her neck. He had to get her out of here. “I can’t move until you do Aawe’le,” he whispered as he began to gently rock their huddled bodies back and forth. “Two which were meant to be one, Taira two which were meant to be one!” Agiso’s disheartened soul echoed his words.
Back and forth he rocked devastated in feeling what little life was left in her. Adenyini emerged from the shadows of the house. “Aah! I did wonder if your emotions would sway you”. He waved off his comment with his hands and crossed his arms across his chest. “Not only did you shame yourself the first time, but once you chose to continue” and he paused realizing what he was about to say. “Once you placed your seed and a portion of your sacred blood into that filthy body you swaddle, you betrayed me” he spat unable to control the saliva as it spewed in Agiso’s face.
Fury igniting a fire in his chest Adenyini snatched his short sword out and plunged it deep into the center of Agiso’s chest. Looking down at the knife protruding from his chest and piercing him to his back, he replied “Yes!” Gasping for air he repeated. “Yes, because I’m holding now the most precious of anything imaginable in my arms you fool!” as his body hunched forward, the weight of sword handle dragging him down. He placed his fist around the hilt and pushed himself up as far as he could.  
Leaned slightly over he locked gazes with Adenyini, “then let there be no trace of doubt between us” Agiso hysterically shouted as he burned with rage pulling the sword from his chest. A crimson waterfall of blood washed down his chest before he could cover the gorge with his hand. “Adenyini, what goes on here?” asked a male voice from the shadows outside. “Ah, Kosoko” Adenyini responded back as he walked towards the other man. Agiso saw his chance to save his beloved and child.
He sliced his wrist with his fingernail and poured his blood over Taira’s lips until a steady flow began to drain into her mouth. He could sacrifice his own essence to bring life back to theirs. He watched as Adenyini and Kosoko seemed to disagree in a heated exchange of words, which ended in Kosoko surrendering to the will of his commander. Agiso’s breaths grew shallow and after a few more moments his chest fell completely still. His eyes glazed over a frosty white lens and his blood was liquid coal, black and thick. 


Adenyini stared at the scene in front of him for the last time it was time to gather the other members and finally eradicate the Adaze from existence. The tedious search for Agiso’s cult of loyalists would be difficult to do alone. Adenyini stalked to where Taira was bleeding out with a half-delivered baby laying on the floor. Grabbing a fist of her hair so harshly she could feel strands ripping from her scalp. As weak as she was, she tried to free herself from him, prayed for strength to protect her as she clawed at his hands. 
Adenyini brought the cold steel to her neck, the point of the blade pricking the skin under her ear. Taira could only hope now that death was quick for, she was positive his intent was to kill her omo too, and she could not bear to watch. Adenyini drew his blade in an arch movement slicing the flesh of her throat and the muscles in her neck. Taira’s jugular vein severed, her body thrashing for a minute, accompanied by the sound of escaping air as she coughed up blood. There was spray of bright red blood and then the pressure quickly died down to a steady pumping of blood that flowed down her neck. 
She remained conscious long enough to hear Adenyini castigate her for the last time. Adenyini rubbed his hands through the coarse salt & pepper beard growing a foot from his face. That stupid bitch Taira dissevered everything she got for betraying him with Agiso. Betrothed him since birth, and her status as Saehira Mau would have given his house immeasurable power.
He had played his part in the murders but was glad he had the foresight to keep an insurance policy. The witch had taken the child, teaching him the ways of the ancients, when he got older, she sent him to foster with her coven. He had dumped her body over MOUNTAIN… the bitter cold of the night as her lifeless body laid in the mud at the banks of the river Blatt by the waters a shallow grave waiting for water levels to rise and wash her body away. He faced less ostracism from the people there because they would not know of his history after so many years of seclusion inside the temple.
His origin and the importance of it on Kosoko’s future hindered on keeping him safe and under the radar. He could not wait until his plan was completed. He was finally going to be rid of Adenyini for good. He hated the fact that the smug bastard had complete control of him. The Ruppion distribution was making more money than he could have dreamed as he smuggled it across the same routes as the Vein, the illegal blood distribution pipeline to vampires. Adenyini’s was having a tough time keeping the council out of the situation, but everyone knew the Grand Magistrate sought to take Adenyini’s head.
The hate between the two of them was known throughout the covenant but very few knew why. Kosoko knew every detail of their deadly feud, and his life depended on making sure he used that information wisely as he drove through the quaint small town to the hotel.  It did not seem so bad after all. What he really saw was a new opportunity to broaden his own horizon. There was plenty of room for new development and he could build his heart’s desire. A fancy new nightclub would bring in a ritzy crowd with more money to spend. He would not have to deal with any lower-class ass junkies. Adenyini cursed at the closed door. He did not have time for Kosoko and his rebellious attitude today. 


Bomani showered quickly behind Meri and dress casually and jeans a button-up gray shirt and dark gray leather ankle boots he met Mary in the living room who was sitting sideways on an ottoman she stood un-wrinkling her form fitting maxi dress when he entered the room as he drove to downtown and his agitation Rose it started when Mary tried finding a radio station or the road race she had at the idiot ass drivers either going too slow in the lane or the racer switching back and forth between lanes with the amount of traffic on the two lane Street they didn't get far when they finally arrived in front of Bomani's 
I was at its limit for the night already the club located in Ransom place a predominantly black section of downtown Indianapolis although the secret City within the city had been awarded against humans Supernatural’s were still required to follow the rules and laws to keep it that way the old brick building used to be a whatever entertain day it was a highlight for the hard-working black folks to enjoy a night out three days of the week revitalization grew with the times and it was a Haven to a new kind
Same thing to be unsettled lately but money stated feeling the stress adding off his sire he knew asking an explanation for his foul move could provoke him but if something was wearing him it was in his best interest to find out what this was Gabriel side heavily setting his drink down for the first time he's there for a moment into the glass swirling the liquid slowly has there been anything different going on lately he asked for money who looked at questioning at him different how many eggs so everything is fine Bomani wonder when he asked again for reassurance it's all been fine he said wasn't his hand out over the table as if it had been the whole world 
Meridiana join them sliding into a chair well Bowl where's the Real Entertainment she acts excitedly gazing down at the crowd below Bomani stared at Gabriel for a moment waiting to see if he asks anything else before answering Mary Diana well then he says standing and buttoning his suit jacket let's take a show Madam and see he said holding his hand out for her to take she giggled classic his hand Rising gleefully she looked over at Gabriel with pouty lips are you coming she acts slightly irritated with him and his changing moods 
gave your naughty and got out of his seat and joined them at the door they descended the steps to the main floor Bomani towards them around the dance floor and through intimate seating areas a roped off heavily guarded hallway the guard removed the Rope as he greeted the group good evening Mr. St. Hillaire he said bowing his head as they pass through what is this grave your ass as they passed curtain Windows which line each side of the hallway these are meeting rooms the patrons can request for privacy for their Leisure 
of course for money answer there are humans in them marry Diana asked something their unique odors don't worry I have signed consent forms from any humans who work or come to the club he explained to them of course you do get Gabriel grunted but mommy let them to a set of double doors at the end of the hall they followed him through to the landing at a set of stairs one leading up and the other leading down a man said at a desk top with various items 
wristbands masks and foods of the dark liquid stack the top of each other but wanted selected a Max for each of them letting them put them on before handing each of the liquid the wristbands are color coded for what you are open to indulge in Bomani told them why does vanilla green is open to new things black is for dimes red is for diamonds and purple for Subs with at least two years’ experience and submissiveness.


Circumstances have changed Levant says to Adrian who looks a little worse for wear what are you talking about a thing ask have you not seen the Sentinel around town Lavon replies what a thing quiver where the fuck have you been Levant yells flopping down onto the sofa he rests his elbows on his knees covering his face and his hands who called them a thing asked sitting next to him demanding an answer the fuck you mean who called and Elder was murdered Lavon says waving his arms out in front of him right a thing Mumble to himself as Lavon got at him and credulously man what is wrong with you Lavon ask standing suddenly to Pace the room did you have anything to do with this Lavon demanded he didn't trust 
Adrian enough for him not to ask no Adrian you shocked to even have the nerve to think so what do we do about the girls Lamont wanted to know scared they might be found sooner with snooping around town God damn it Adrian shouted at Levine move them is the only thing we can do I'm out Lavon shouts you can get someone else to transport them I don't take this level of chances for anyone here informs Adrian I won't be doing it Adrian sure as fuck informs him jabbing a thumb into his chest whatever Lavon says heading to the door 
where the hell are you going Adrian yells falling behind him we all need to get our shit in order before the mother fucker finds anything Levant threats opening the door and storming off the porch to his car you're too deep in it Adrian shouted from the doorway Lavon ignored him jumping into squad car and peeling off down the street Adrian slams the door closed rubbing the back of his neck he groan's hourly facing the door he been so close to having everything why was it coming apart now 
he leaned against the door to study his shaking legs he pulls herself on from his back pocket staring at the black screen he swiped up with us some answers to the code to unlock it scrolling through his contact he finds the one he's searching for the phone ring several times before going to voicemail answer the fucking phone he grows into the message we have trouble that needs to be handled call me he ends the call and walks back into the living room to his drink and the sofa whatever needs to be done he was going to do he had to save it he was going to save everything he had worked for.


Tessler is in the parking garage inside is SUV talking to Audra Sawa is breeding again which is good news I think we finally bred out the mutations and her next fetus should have no abnormalities but I think we'll have a problem due to Silas growing mental state declining she's been in restraints since March to keep her from harming herself and the staff do you know she took a chunk out of an orderly cheap right off house Emerson progressing I imagine she's at the right age to begin the program she'll be 16 in a few weeks 
we plan to implant the embryos after her next cycle with her mother's genetic markers and the gene splicing treatment her body should be able to carry a fetus full term with no side effects to the mother the daughter samples we have although are degrading quickly when will you be able to acquire viable specimens again he asked Audra there's been a lockout at the annex Lottery replies my source seems to think they'll have a way around it but if not we may need to bring another person into the mix who can do it instead do you already have someone in mind Tesla 
they have to be vulnerable enough to be controlled and low enough in the chain to be disposed of quickly yes there's someone we've been tracking I think I found enough to persuade them into it move forward with your new vessel we keep to the schedule for now Latino exits the vehicle and leaves the parking garage Tesla follows him out and heads to the secret facility a black-sided lab an old hospital basement was refurbished in a fallout shelter on the grounds the property is guarded and 
the area since though it was a colored only facility back in the day Tesla goes through the security checkpoints into different areas of the building one on each level the lab is beyond the main security error but since everyone knows he's the boss he just walks in without being bothered he goes to the medical records room and gets Fatima's flower he enters the lab and his assistants are busy at work on the new jeans specimen and baby they have been working with Doris stem cells do you have the results yet Tesla asked 
his assistant Dr Dempsey he was so focused on the work in front of him he did not notice Tesla Lewis Tesla yell oh Kenzie it is so fucking amazing you will not believe it you just will not dancing explained. Kevin prepares the test again Nessa bring baby into the exam room hurry up the excitement he exhibited and encouraged Tesla to have hope Dempsey grabbed his beard holding his clipboard in his hand and scared into the examination room that's the road Namah answer the glass enclosed room on the other side of the room.


Caraline Audra
Audrey checked the fetal monitor of the six girls and her charge Emerson has been her greatest success she had no side effects of the antigen and had not succumbed to the dark Essence during pregnancy I just sedated Emerson and had given her something to stop her contractions her previous labor was premature the baby was still recovering in the ICU the little boy spend his first year fighting for his life Tesla enters the war hey we need to talk he told her Audrey replies about what the gray size been found Tesla answer sly 
Audrey freezes she slowly turns to look at him genuinely surprised before anger overcomes her who fucked up now she demands storming towards Tesla let's go to your office before you wake the daddy told her grabbing her by the arm and leading her out of the room when they enter her office she Yanks her arm away from him and slams the door behind her Tesla tells her about the Grave Digger and the attack he gives her a simple a sample of the virus he took from the camp the compound of the victim Dana Okikki arrives and they follow him in but don't tell him that they have a lot of virus.


The funeral assistant sneaks back into the funeral home and he takes the elevator down to the basement fluorescent lights flicker on in the cold child room. He lays his keys on the desk and enters the nearby room coming back dragging a gurney behind him he goes into the more and pulls out the stainless steel drawer Daniel's body Dana body gray and model mottled after autopsy her wounds were decaying rapidly he transfers her body to the gurney goes back into the office to get his keys turns out the lights and sneaks out the back door
with the gurney he drives to the Quarry and complete darkness even the Moon is hiding behind dark thick clouds he arrives to the gate of the cave he pushes the call box button what do you want a voice text I've got a body for you he says back nervously what's your password please 2840 lap he replies searching the surroundings the area site always scared the bejesus out of them he wondered when this will be over he didn't want to do this anymore and he never wanted to do it to begin with because his headlights out 
as the gates light open making a sound of grinding metal echoing into the darkness as he drives the uneven trail to the compound the sound of the burning sliding around the back of the van creasing out he shutters switching the high beams on to see better down the road although he was told not to the garage door is already raised and he can see men standing in the entrance he pulls into the building and Parks the van he kills the engine and hops out the men meeting at the back of the van he swings open one side of them and then the other pulling the gurney out he notices the body moving in the bed he startles and looks closer
 not wanting to Rattle the body let's go you're the man he looks at both the men nervously but continues moving the body he follows them to the interior entrance doors a receiving room is on the other side all white tile and linoleum floors brightly lit and clinically clean he rolls the gurney into the center of the room next to a stainless steel table all right then he tells the taller man holding out his hands Palm up expecting his payment get it moved over the tall man tells him turning to walk to an inner office he walks around and still table leaning over it he pulls the back dragging it from the gurney across to the table 
it moves again and he jumps away from the table his yep getting the attention of the other man he gets up from his chair and starts over to the table what the fuck is wrong with you he acts suspiciously the mortician points to the bag it's moving I saw it moved that's the second time it's moved he backs away from the table you people watch too many scary stories the man says walking over to the table bravely if his dad is dead he says bringing his fist down on the body it rips open and Dana grabs the man by the neck she rips into his shoulder biting a chunk out of the side of his neck he didn't have a chance to scream the blood's splashing and spewing everywhere the mortician runs
 he couldn't scream either his heart is in his chest and he could barely breathe the man comes back out of the office handing the money shocked on his face fear and then dread as Dana leaps towards him they crashed back into the office and all the mortician can hear is screams as she rips into him he gets into his van and backs away out of the doors the van crashing through the doors he puts it the car he puts the van into dry and Floors the gas tires squeal and rocks fly as he peels down the Gravel Road. 


Council election
Adenyini smiled broadly watching the Regent enter.  He could not believe how his blessings were coming right now.  Sure, he had banned a few of the voters but the look on Tiran's face when they announced his nomination last night was priceless. He decided then to stay in Krimms Fallow until the gathering. Tiran stood before the Elder Council stoic and dominant. An Elder Lords kidnapped was one of his top advisers. A father-figure he loved dearly and appointing a new elder to his position was a necessity. But it was also a personal betrayal as no one knew if they were dead or alive.
The Royal Ranger Regiment had been placed on it, along with the Black Guard. He had confidence they would not fail their mission they just needed to find them a starting point. The three candidates each house had made were good choices, but he did not trust one of them. One most of all being nominated was (?), who has been opponent of Tiran’s for a long time and moving his power status to a Lord could prove more trouble than it was worth. He addressed the room… The council members stood to start the vote as they say or say their choices, adding you any gloating in his own will world.  
When master Jebi finally called the ballot, selection closed, he shocked the assembly by reporting news. 
Adenyini had no idea they knew, throws a huge tantrum, and curses the panel before knocking out the candidate replacing him. this has to do with him not completing a ceremonial succession before his father died so he cannot be a Lord take his father's place on the Council, nor had he produced an air of his own to extend the bloodline. All he wanted to do was annoy the hell out of the king with his new promotion.


Sheriff Watts walks into the department and greets the secretary hey Regina he says have you seen Foley he's in the tombs check in on an inmate okay hey let me ask you some did he seem a little off to you when he came into work this evening he asked her. he was kind of quiet share and he looked a little pale sickly told him if he didn't feel well he should go home but he said he could do the job he just wouldn't take a cruiser out and stay at his desk then he went down to check
He sends her on a fake to get something from the supply closet when she is out of visual range, he goes over to Levants’s desk and starts to search through his drawers. He was a thin man with wavy hair covered with gray. was a big, burly man with bushy sideburns, cold eyes and an ever-present. After being re-elected eight times, Luci Amerson fought back tears, “It is just a shame. “It is a shame it has come to that. 
I really do not know where we will go from here. ”I was planning to run again, but I really don’t think I will,” Wall said. This had him rethinking his future. He really felt stabbed in the back by a sharp object. “I am just one person” and has had to deal with issues non-stop since I was hired,” he said. But was it fear that had kept from addressing an issue that has long existed?
 

Nettie said your father enthralled her with the powers of the demon. She signed heavily, "without her consent he claimed her." Adah said, ashamed. "While that would make you a Luther's child..." she paused. "You also have demon essence." Adah explained. "So what?" Johnari asked, voices rising. "You bound me to be acceptable?" Johnari gasped. "No wonder my mouth." she started to say but cut the word off and fell silent. More tears pooled in her eyes. "No Johnari." Adah started rubbing her arms up and down gently. "Nettie's mind couldn't keep the demon's touch out of her mind." she explained folding her back over her lap.
 "She got possessed by it too?" Johnari asked. "No, not by the demon Luther carried." she replied looking off past Johnari's shoulder. Unable to meet her eyes. "By the demon in you while she carried it." Adah half whispered. Johnari slowly stood up from Adah's side walking quietly to the window. "I did that to her?" She cried softly. Chest heaving for breath weighed with guilt. "No wonder?" she said covering her face and throwing her head back. Hoping the position would stop the flow of tears streaming down her face. Adah eased behind her and rubbed her back. "So, what am I?" Johnari asked, his voice faltering. "We won't know until the bond breaks." Adah told her, reclaiming her seat on the couch. Johnari quietly contemplated where she was. 
"What will the council do?" she asked Adah, coming to terms with her situation. "They won't decide until you reveal yourself." She stated. “Healing is not about moving on or “getting over it,” it is about learning to make peace with our pain and finding purpose in our lives again. Then you step back and wait. Wait for them. Opening yourself to them and letting welcome you in as you welcome them.” “I am here for you” is your way of saying I am here whenever you want to talk. “I feel sorry for anyone who thinks you are unstoppable. Not everything is what it seems. It might seem true, but that does not mean it is. Appearances can deceive you, do not trust just in what your eyes see. but not everyone sees them. It takes a special look to recognize them. "In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king."
	"Ok, ok then." Johnari stuttered walking quickly out of the house to her car. She did not need to hear anymore. She could not take the truth revealing itself to her. She drove wildly back to Mourning Hill still crying but angry as hell. "Why the fuck was this always her life?" she fumed. "What the fuck could she do now with her life in the hands of the Council?" She hit the brakes so hard the car launched, sending into the steering wheel. She screamed, slamming her fist against the window until it shattered. Rock shaped shards of glass sprayed everywhere. She sat huffing and puffing and crying that by the time she recovered the sun was rising on the horizon.
	She calmly walked into the house shedding her clothes on her way to her bed. because she had realized there was nothing else, she could do but wait. She fell across the bed and rolled the corner of the cover over her and went to sleep. When Johnari woke up the next morning she felt tired but eased. She slipped her robe on and walked barefoot and shivering down the cold hall to the steps. Multiple scents assailed her as she reached the landing. She continued cautiously down the steps. The room full of intruders slowly came into view. She inhaled deeply nervously causing the room. Not only were there Council members.


Emezi stood silently watching as the royal attendants washed Queen Azinza.  In the large bath the steam rising off her, the soapy foam slid its way around every luscious curve in the hands of her attendant as she massaged it onto her body. His gaze followed the petite hand as it reached between her thighs circling her mound of curly hair and she opened with abandon to its touch. The other girl moved her hands in ritual praising the firm peach shaped as she knelt in front of circling the cheeks. 
Azinza kneaded her own breast lifting the maple peaks higher in slow upward thrust giving him a clear view of the hard, dark nipples taunting him to suck. He was glad his formal robe draped over the unbearable erection he carried as he approached the side of the pool. He cleared his throat to announce himself. “Excuse me your grace” he greeted keeping his eyes on to the granite floor. Azinza lowered herself into the water visibly aggravated by the interruption.
She waved her hand dismissing the other women as she stalked to the other side of the pool and seated herself on the step. “You must have a very dire situation to disturb me in such a private moment” She glared at her Advisor “and without acquiescence to do so Emezi” she stated. Azinza had an ability to be impassive yet extremely temperamental. Her vicious diatribes had preceded her into the palace before her wedding as the fourth wife. Many ovein had perished at her hands before former King Adaze threatened her with retribution if it happened again. 
“You have a request for your presence before the Jaded, on the next twilight” he reported. Her face tensed for a moment, and she regained her composure. “And what do those decrepit vultures want Emezi?” she probed, narrowing her eyes hatefully as if the messenger had committed a grave offense. “They have not given detail to the summons only the impression that it would not be wise to disobey it my lady” he advised her. The Jaded were an ominous society of ancient vampires and witches that operated surreptitiously in their own sphere of authority.
“Then I guess I have no other choice in the matter do I” Azinza sneered as she rose out of the pool to grab her robe off a settee. Emezi followed her down the private corridor to her dressing room, conspicuously watching the sway of her ass as the damp robe clung to it like a second skin. The Oveins immediately brought the towels and begun drying and redressing her in gossamer ensemble that made him painfully hard with lust.  They entered her suite of rooms, and he realized why she had been in the bath so late in the night.
An omwan’s lifeless body hung from a wooden pillory. The flogging he received had been most severe, the deep welts that crisscrossed each other all over his body bore evidence of Azinza’s sadistic sexual games. Carnivorous bite marks along his neck and shoulders explained the pool of blood at his feet. Emezi wondered many times what it would feel like to have that predatory monster sink her teeth into his flesh. to drain his blood as he slid deep into her honeyed colored crevice until he was in a state of pure bliss. 
He had yet to become as suicidal as he seemed in his dreams, but his dark obsession with her grew abundantly.



He grabbed the lush terry cloth towel and dried himself off and then prepared his shaving kit. The bushy beard surrounding his face needed a trim. The half cheek close faded style he had grown to like without his mustache tickling his nose when he spoke. Finished in the bathroom he headed into his walk-in closet and picked up the bottle of Ralph Lauren Polo Red off the shelf of bottled collages and sprayed his neck and chest. Picking up a pair of well-worn Levi’s from a pile and a plain button up white long-sleeved shirt and Bacco Bucci brown leather boots. 
He checked himself in the floor-length mirror satisfied until he realized he was missing the black titanium signet ring given to him by his father, with the matching necklace from his mother. He unlocked the drawer at his desk and removed the hand carved jewelry box. Sliding the ring on to his ring finger he hoped he could fulfill that for which the engraving stood. There was a matching woman’s ring perched next to it in the box without an owner. 
He left his room and met Gracy at door, “we ready old man” he joked with his good friend noting that he had also changed into more casual attire for the evening. Gracy was also a card-carrying member at TB’s. “For a man older than me to look younger is crime against humanity” he laughed as he set the alarm and followed Tiran to the car. “But they really like the experience that comes with the look.” 
He always rode a shotgun because he liked holding his conversations without looking at the back of Gracy’s head. “After the club we need to stop at the Canal” he informed his friend as the car swung around the circle drive. 
“Yeah, well I ain’t getting out, hell that bastard still thinks I owe him some cash on a bet he could prove he won” Gracy mumbled. Tiran laughed at the remark, the feud over this bet had lasted the better part of 60 years and involved a woman named Big Celle, a madam in New Orleans. Every time he thought about the big ugly woman, he could not contain himself. He laughed hilariously at his two oldest friends.
The brick building was a two-story remodeled warehouse space on the south end of the Fallows. On the first floor there was a pit style bar centered in the open space serving drinks to patrons seated on plush cushions around the circular counter. Over-sized fur and leather lounges, ottomans, and sofas lined the walls which held erotic pictures of karma sutra positions or nude black and white photos of the human anatomy. The loft style second floor draped with large curtains which quartered off sections into a private space. With padded sawhorses, a few St. Andrews crosses, and massage tables tucked behind the curtains. 

Tiran watched as a woman walked from one of the suites reserved for dominates and dominatrices who saw clients on a regular basis. They did not rent for cheap either and the house fee was thirty percent. She could not have been more than five’5 without the heels attached to a pair of long sculpted legs that hung from an ass so plump it had taken. Tiran until the time she sat down on one of the settees to stop looking at it. Her bustier was a half top showing off petite abdominal muscles and round stomach. He guessed her cup size was between 38B and 34C, they were perfect. Not too big and not too small for any man to enjoy. 
The muscular tone of her body reminded Serena Williams but softer. He wondered what his hands would feel like on those coke bottle hips. The headpiece she was wearing looked like an Asian crown, gold-fashioned with baubles on beaded chains. That is when he noticed the sheer mask hiding her face. She must have been speaking to client, the man looked as anxious as a puppy ready to play. When she stood to escort him back, he made his first mistake out as a newbie, he stood with her. She slapped him across the face so hard he landed back onto the settee holding his face. 
Tiran could see her leaning over him scolding him about his errors. He stripped himself of his clothes and knelt at her feet holding the bundle in his arms. She then had him walk ahead of her on his knees upright as she whipped him furiously. The yelps, after the cat-on-nine tails made contact nearly brought Tiran to tears he was trying his best not to laugh at the sound. The sight of her breast as they jiggled with each swing made his dick twitch in his pants. He looked down at his crotch to see if it was tented. When he looked back up the goddess and her submission were gone.
“Yeah, she leaves a lot of speechless” Buzzy laughed as he sat Tiran’s drink on the bar. It was a standing order, a Black Russian, Kahlua and Ketel One vodka his brand of choice. Tiran accepted the glass and downed the creamy liquid in a few swallows. “Yeah, she makes you do that too” buzzy laughed his ass off and tended to others. Deric walked over slapping on the back in greeting. “Hey man glad you back in town” he spoke as 
He seated himself next to Tiran on one of the plush cushions stretching his legs out in front of him. Tiran had a deep appreciation for the man who was all business like himself. His new appreciation on life came a few years back when he almost died during a drug robbery gone wrong. He had thought he had struck gold until he realized the stash house was full of blood bags and not cocaine.  “Hey man who’s the new Domme” Tiran asked his voice huskier than he liked. “Dude that’s Ghost” he replied with a big knowing grin on his face. 
“That’s the boost we have in revenue I wanted to talk to you about.” He added. “Yo, she even rented the glass house!” Tiran almost gave him a smile. The glass house was a room with one-way mirrors on two of the walls. Guests could watch the scenes from private viewing rooms for an additional fee. And by the looks of the line waiting in the hall she was turning a healthy profit indeed. 
Tiran slipped into one of the rooms and opened the drapes. The room was staged in Asian décor with replica Ming vases spewing with silk orchids, jade statues, and golden dragons climbing the walls on either side of the door. The rug in the center of the room looked real enough to be too expensive for a place like this, but it was laid out tastefully. 
The warm glow from the iron lanterns rippled across the room giving it a romantic ambience. The weird contraption in the room, however, drew one’s attention. It was some sort of body holster, set into a frame. The sub is strapped in a black material like a strait jacket. His ankles cuffed to the frames with short chains, and the only thing that looked free to move was his head and hips. As Ghost flogged his ass his hips bucked forward making him look like he was fucking air with that baby sized cock of his. Jealousy had never been like him over anything before, but the twinge was slowly creeping into him. He watched as she circled the sub and made him watch her on the bed pleasure herself. 
“You think you deserve a taste you’re a rude boy?” she asked as she separates her velvet folds open with her fingers. The darkish pink glistened inside her swollen chocolate lips uncovering her swollen labia. Tiran’s dick twitched again as she stroked the two fingers in and out, her moans hardening his staff. His body tingled all over with need. He regretted leaving before the finale, but he had a meeting to get to and his hard on needed time to dissipate.
Back at his home, Tiran could do nothing but wait for Pollace and Gottingham to gather intelligence. The stress of the betrothal ceremony loomed amid his growing pool of problems which all needed time he did not have to get resolved. Thoughts of Ghost crept into his head as he laid alone in bed. He stroked his frustration by picturing her torture his body as she did to her sub tonight. He never considered being a sub, but for her it might be worth a try. Feeling her hands travel the length of his body, her full lips on his neck, and her teeth in his veins. 
The sudden euphoria went straight to his dick as he bucked hard shooting his release. He strained for each breath as an anxiety attack followed. Staggering to the bathroom he steadied himself on the rim of the sink. 
She was the reincarnation of Inanna in the sweetest flesh. He loved reading the "Hymns to Inanna", poems of the archetype powerful, sexual female. Displaying dominating behaviors and forcing Gods and men into submission. 


Tires skidding around the bend leading to the pack house. Israel sped his pickup bouncing and thudding in and out of potholes up the old dirt road. Thomas, his uncle, and father's Delta called him twenty minutes ago. His voice was shaky but stern when he told Israel to come home quickly. He had refused to explain what was happening before hanging up. Israel drove the truck through the gate almost crashing into a red SUV. The front yard looked like a parking lot. He recognized all the vehicles on the lawn. He threw the truck into the park while jumping out and dodging vehicles through to the house. 
He yanked the screen door open, slamming it into the front of the house. Everyone inside the front room jumped at the sudden noise. The average sized room seemed smaller with all the extra bodies. His Aunt Heather stood from her seat at the kitchen table. He maneuvered through the clump of people to him. "It's your dad Israel." she said silently pointing up the stairs. Israel looked up the staircase panicking before he knew what was going on. His feet never felt so heavy as he slowly climbed the steps. He could smell the copper in the air. 
The scent of death gathering steadily more odorous the closer he got to the top. Mindlessly, he walked down the hall to his parents’ room. When he reached the open door his mother’s soothing whispers gave his heart a tug. "It's alright baby." she wooed into his father’s right ear. One hand rubbed circles on his chest as the other rubbed backhanded against his cheek. His eyes widened and chest seized when he saw the blood-soaked bed and bandages. More than half of his father's left side was missing. It looked like a giant claw had ripped his body out.
	
His father labored on strangled breaths, barely holding onto this world. Israel kneeled quickly by the side of the bed. "What happened?" he asked anyone who would answer struggling to hold back his anguish and tears. "We don't know." his Uncle Thomas said from behind him. His hand squeezed his shoulder. "Juney found in him the back fields like this after he didn't come back lunch." Israel grasped his father's wrist feeling his fading pulse fading pulse. "Pops?" he whined gruffly dropping his head into to chest. "Why isn't he healing?" Damon's sobbing voice asked. He looked away from the wound, taking his father's life to the ashen face of an idol. His vigilant, domineering, alpha who kicked ass and even killed when he had to, no regrets.
	A vicious protector of his family to outsiders. But they knew he only treated them with kindness, generosity, and love. "Why isn't he healing?" Israel asked again angrily. His wolf rang inside of him. His mother cried softly, and he instantly felt ashamed of himself for adding to her pain. He had to keep it together for her. She was losing her mate and best friend. "His Maru is gone," Dr. Martin said softly rubbing back and forth across his sweaty forehead. Israel looked quickly at him eyes wide mouthed gaped open shaking his head in disbelief. "A mongrel attack?" Israel questioned to himself. 
Wondering but still disbelieving it could be so. Mongrels weren't that big. The size of the claw was massive that did this. He could not think of any beast the size would fit. Old Jackson, His father's Beta lunged to his feet walking swiftly to Israel’s side. Slamming a big heavy hand unintentionally hard down on his shoulder. "Whatever the muthafucker is we'll hunt it and kill it." he growled. His own grief barely keeping itself in check with his heaving chest. A round of angry agreements circled the room. Damon closed his eyes and hung his head again, forcing back tears. His mother's choking cries, silencing the room to attention.
	The pulse had stopped seconds ago, and his father's large bulky body stilled. The clan cried and mourned long into the morning hours before intermittently leaving one by one. Israel stayed at his mother's side until she finally fell asleep.
Tears were still streaming down her cheeks. He laid down beside her snuggling against her and hugging her closely. He would not let her feel alone tonight.



	Jolly and the others sat in the truck across from the alley of the Federal building. They watched Johnari get in her car and leave and follow her back to the bail office. “She sure doesn’t look like her picture daddy,” Liezel stated disappointed in her ability. “That’s because it wasn’t her baby girl” Jolly replied. 
	“Damn Lee too bad,” Bj commented but jolly cut him short. “Baby girl got it right,” Jolly retorted. “The woman did own this ring last. Now I might be mistaken but she could be Nettie’s daughter,” Jolly informed them. “Looks like she’s rogue.”
	“Rogue or not Jolly we ain’t come here for her,” Lil Red reminded everyone. “I know what I came to do boy!” Jolly chided. “Then what we do we do now?” Lil Red asked smart mouthed. “Start over,” Jolly said and drove off. “We’ll need to get another possession daddy,” Liezel told him. “Yeah, 


Caraline stood in front of the Black Cedar, the special place she used to use to meet Ateino. A three hundred- and fifty-year-old Umbrella Magnolia tree that sits in the courtyard. The hotel’s impressive six hundred- and sixty-foot-long front porch makes visitors feel like they have stepped back in time. The five-story hotel contained a bar, a barbershop, and acclaimed dining which served Creole-style dishes. Using fresh ingredients grown on a nearby farm.
When this Midtown hotel was built, it provided a haven. For free people at a time when public facilities and neighborhoods were still segregated. The exposed wood beams of the high painted ceiling with its sparkling chandeliers. 
Greeting guests as soon as they step into an opulent lobby. She walked across the terrazzo floors and around wood columns to the reception area. Ornate furniture surrounded a large marble fountain in the center. What this eighty-room hotel lacked in modern amenities, you won’t find a fitness center or pool here. 
It was made up in cozy old-timey charm positioned in the heart of Fallow’s Point. Caraline lingered in the lobby while feeling sentimental. In all the town this was the only place unchanged by time. Her real home was overtime where her best times occurred. She fell deeply in love with  him inside these walls. How could they reunite anywhere else? Desperate and depressed, she started trusting terrible things.  Loneliness made her abandon rational thought then. Today was different and that is why she headed to the room to freshen up. Prepare for the long-awaited reunion.



Adenyini : Political Rival
Odale runs for nomination for an Elder Council seat and uses his career as Inquiry Chief to pull rank over Adenyini’s Nobility standing.  Adenyini wants payback and look for a scandal to take him down or other ways to take him out.  Odale threatens Adenyini with having knowledge of many transgressions that would not just get Adenyini exiled but even put to death.
Voters had elected Brown on his promise to clean up corruption and kickbacks that had troubled the office for decades. He was just days away from taking office to begin fulfilling that pledge.
Trouble was, outgoing Sheriff Dorsey was afraid of said investigation. He wanted to stop it.
His practice of securing kickbacks on all public works contracts and monopolizing a vast array of lucrative industries ensured that the increased economic prosperity was disproportionately distributed to his family, supporters, and military personnel.
The secret police force he established included a widespread network of spies that was used to censor the press and to threaten, expel, torture, or kill dissenters in orchestrated accidents or “suicides.”


Sitra sat watching the auburn flames roll slowly across the logs. She hated the drafty rooms of Moonlight Manor, her matriarchal ancestral estate. It was nothing more than an oversized farmhouse nestled quietly in Oldfield.
The original settlement of Freewood Rivers. Hidden in a stand of aged crooked stemmed Black Oak trees, an old farm with a sinister past. One that Sitra had not escaped and over time had come to accept. Her ancestors, in their desperate pursuit of fortune and influence in the Nergal.
Had cursed themselves for this life. Chained forever to an immortal nightmare. Now that she was Elder Mother of the Summu Nura with absolute authority over the family. Sitra was obligated to ensure their continued existence.
Odale Gannibal was a serious threat that could end everything. Souls in jeopardy of spending their afterlife on a suffering road of perdition. His nature of selfishness would reap something extremely dangerous on all of them. The others arrived chatting noisily and heavily footed through the hall. She recognized her son’s raucous bravado over the other’s voices. The imbecile heir helping to tear it all down. Sitra’s had enough problems without his getting in the way. 
She hated that he had gained the title for the Angal, second in command of the Summu Nura or “they are deprived of light”. But his deliberate deceptiveness and double-dealing in the situation concerned her more. He had allies willing to go against her to get what they wanted, all her secrets. Relinquishing that much power to him would be idiotic. “Mother!” was Adrian excitable greeting announcing his arrival. Showy as ever, the new title had kicked it up a notch. “Adrian!” Sitra responded dryly, sipping from the cup she gradually warmed holding it. 
“Amaargiiti!” Ateino greeted her with respect, but only because others were in the room. “Radiant Mother of Moonlight, let’s get this show started!” Adrian exclaims. “We shall make final preparations for the Kizasù and begin shortly” Prendiville stated annoyed. “Do it quickly then Gala!” Adrian chastised him. If he had not been named High Celebrant, Montague would surely have disciplined his infraction. Prendiville, Sitra’s right hand and enduring paramour came to her side. If only they had been granted a marriage contract, neither of them would have the offspring they do now. 
But that was a regret for the afterlife. They had to move forward now as they did then. 
Montague looked across at the Gala clustered together back into a corner of the room. Whispering, judging, and scheming against them he and Sitra. Montague sat down next to Sitra and rubbed the small of her back. Sixty years of friendship and intimacy had given them a unique intuition of the other’s emotions. And tonight, they were a tangle of fear and anger. “You won’t have to worry long Kiná, we know Atu will not answer him” Montague eased. “Once he fails the only choice is Mima!” he whispers. 
Their daughter was the true Celebrant, the Summu Nura were a matriarchal sect. Sitra knew Montague were optimistic for Mima, but the girl was a savant. Despite psychological and instinctual infirmity, she had spectacular talents. 
For a Zah Etu, a half breed without essence it was an extraordinarily unique phenomenon. She was a Mudi,  a clairvoyant who could walk through her visions as if she were there. She could interact with people. It was only during these episodes that Mima emerged from her enclosure. 
But since she could not recite the incantation of Atu in her usual state of being, the default had to be a blood inheritor of the covenant. Sitra looked at him doubtfully but slightly reassured, subtle queues between them unnoticed. 
“You must be prepared to call the Atu from Erset La Tari and if it answers and choses you . . .” Montague started but Adrian insolently interrupted. “Yeah, blah blah blah” Adrian muttered. “I am well versed Prenny” he taunted. “Your vagrant eunuchs huddled over there schooled me well over the years” Adrian said. “By the way, where is the Kadra?” “They’re in the Chantry Adrian” Sitra huffed. Dominique Prendiville approached them quietly.
Father if you could join me in the blessing?” she requested. “At least someone’s about business around here!” Adrian nitpicked. “ADRIAN ENOUGH!” demanded Sitra who rose incensed with his arrogance. Adrian quelled the anger rising in him. Soon enough they would all bow at his feet including his mother and her little bitch. “Alright mother I’ll behave” Adrian laughed and followed everyone else into the Chantry. The annex was constructed behind Moonlight Manor by Sitra’s grandmother after Great Loss. 
When a gang of Lincoln Riders attacked Freewood killing residents and destroyed homes and businesses. A triangled room with blue wisteria blossoms stained-glass ceiling and wall sections. Carved in the center of a granite floor with speckles of gold and silver. It was an all-powerful, ancient symbol of the sacred trinity. Three circles that make up the moon cycles  waxing, full, and waning. Above the trinity hangs an intricate nest-like metal filigree chandelier with a large white opaque celestite. Its reflection of light resembles the slit of a cat’s eye. 
The refracted glow of moonlight gave a billowy sheen across the stone-built shallow pool of water below it. Members positioned themselves around the sacrosanct sigil surrounding the pool which Adrian entered. Dominique and Montague chanted the blessing. disciples the portal opening spell. Adrian spoke the summoning invocation in unison with the others. Adrian stood elated as the water began to swirl around his feet. A maelstrom twisted out funneling tarred sludge from the abyss. Underneath them a deep rumbling caused the vortex to sway violently sending sludge cascading into the basin. “ATU, I summon you!” Adrian called out. 
The ground quaked around them rippling the pool.  “Atu, I summon you!” he called with fervor, releasing his aura. A beacon of quintessence to draw the (?) out of the abyss. The moonstone hanging above him illuminated dimly as it absorbed the essence. The small impression of the Moons Eye reflected on top of the sludge. Adrian was ecstatic with  himself and his power. “Atu, come forth to this realm I guide you!” he commanded. The Moons Eye grew bigger creating a white void in its depth. His mother’s fearful expression invigorated Adrian. Blinded by zeal and self-admiration, left unnoticed were spiny eel shaped creatures slithering around him. “Rise Atu from the abyss!”, “Hear my prayer and let your presence be made known to me!”
“Let me obtain your grace so that I can be selected to glorify your name throughout the world.” “Anointed, let me be duly rewarded on earth and in heaven also.” “My absolute faith placed in you!” “I will not abuse your grace but duly follow your will!” “Eternal protector, nothing is difficult for you to do. I invite your presence to my situation, and I ask for your strength to subdue challenges that surround me. Award me victory and I will rejoice and celebrate your goodness in the land of the living.!” “Vessel of the covenant and sacrificed for the (?)” “I give myself to thee!” Adrian lamented poorly. 
But his disingenuous application filled with self-interest was rejected. The eye closes and the eels strike, swiping and slicing across his legs. Adrian falls to his knees in agony as the sludge burned in his wounds. An intense whirlpool swallowed him while the eels sustained their attack. Overwhelmed fearing death drowning in the dark viscous mixture he lost consciousness. The sludge rescinded, leaving Adrian’s bloody shredded body floating face down in the basin.  


Azinza sat on a single chair that faced the large conference table in the meeting room, which was spare slay furnished with the oblong table surrounded by four chairs, the flicker of the candles and the three tall candelabras, the only illumination that breached the shadow. An entryway on the right side of the diaries opens and four cloaked figures gingerly made their way up the steps to the table. Servers steeped from the shadow drawing out their chairs and pushed their master’s to the table once they had seat can which was skeletal way to the air and candles instantly came to life around the room is in fascination.
The few times in which he was summoned before. He had never gotten used to the powerful eerie aura that shrouded them. The cloaks covering their faces only showed a glimpse of hollow cheeks, pronounced bones, and gray flesh. The feminine but gritty voice of “? title” Urbi broke as incident from her observances “your participation in the festival will not be needed” she spoke. “We shall use cleaning the harder to compete the transfer to abstain any derogatory information to pollute the memories of arcane” she finished.
Azinza tried to control her temperament at what was a blatant insult.  Azinza made herself more comfortable in the chair, but her body was tense.  You will be passed with the gathering of slaves who are adequate for the purpose of feeding the king once his revival is complete. He was to revive for another century” Azinza question her curiosity piqued at this new revelation. “You will find out soon enough that this miserable rock will no longer sustain our presence” Odale spoke. “We shall prick pilgrimage once again across the planet soon, this coming from the senior member of the Adedeji. 
Azinza’s mind ran wild, a jumble of thoughts, unable to control herself any longer she jumped to her feet and approached them. “And just where is this new homeland” her outburst surprising even herself. “How are you sure it will be sufficient enough for our kind?” Cecil roared. Jebi, second on the Council “you were but a mere changeling when the supreme made you” he continued you have no power the preparations made, or the history of our species angered by her insolence the or emanating around him felt as black as death.
 	As it is a failure to her knees as it consumed her body in a cloud of pain shivering with extreme cold permeating her body, she pleaded in agony for forgiveness but to no avail JEBI crept near bringing his dark cloud with him. “You will have more obedient and less brazen with your tongue” he threatened. “Just because you had the immunity from the supreme” he sneered, “you are still in our charge and subject to any punishment deemed therein”. He grabbed her chin, his fingers digging his razor nails into her face. The pungent smell of sulfur and decay assaulting her. Reminding her just how long dead he really was “yes master” she gritted out through chattering teeth. 
He released his hold by flinging his arm away, sending her sprawling about on the floor. He retreated to his seat dragging his ominous aura with him. Azinza staggered to her feet barely able to do so without falling back down. “Do you understand now what you were told to do?” asked Urbi. resting her age chin in the palm of her hand as she leaned her weight and elbows onto the table. Azinza looked across at them wide eyed and gasped “yes!” She answered still slowly recovering from the attack on her body. 
But her mind already dwelled in her revenge.  A sentinel appeared on each shoulder behind her, she had been dismissed. She rose and walked away, hands fisted at her sides, regally ignoring her escorts. The doors closed behind her she released an angry breath. she steadied herself against the column still filling the lingering effects of the dark cloud. she would kiss ass for as long as she needed until the time came when she would devour every one of them slowly. She left the hall with an evil smile spreading across her face. 
“Then we can adjoin for now, and once the festival has concluded begin the final preparations for our departure of this wretched realm” announced as he rose from his seat the others follow suit each contemplating how to best survive the impeding situation.

 

Deric woke shivering his large stiff body curled into a fetal position to keep warm. He reached behind him to grab the blankets and felt the ice-cold sheet. He rolled over and 
Luci was balled tightly in the down comforter snoring softly. He grabs his sweatpants off the floor by the bed and hurries into them. Dragging his feet across the plush carpet to the kitchen. He enjoyed waking up in a cozy loft he had just purchased instead of the sixty’s era ranch style doubles he had been renting. 
The remodeled Gothic Revival-style Church successfully combined chic and gritty.  A steel and stone-lined fireplace, and dining area with a blue damask accent wall. original clay tiles, raw concrete walls, and overhead timber beams and large metal doors. 
The exposed brickwork and a wall of windows with sweeping skyline views of downtown Freewood. He grabbed his mug and walked out onto the rooftop deck.
Luci wakes up panicked and says that she was going to be late for work. 

Deric laughs tell her to slow down. She chastises him for letting her oversleep. He makes a joke about telling them to let her have a life. The face she makes gets him in his feelings about her keeping their relationship on the down low.
She accuses him of picking up an argument that she does not have time for and gets in the shower. When she gets out, she tells him she thinks it best they slow down. She must figure things out between them. He gets angry that she is trying to dump him and tells her they are done. Luci acts tough and leaves before he can see her cry.
Deric was angry and mad at everyone and everything suddenly. After all the hardships it had taken him to get to where he was, the bullshit never stopped. He thought his partnership with Tiran with Tops & Bottoms would alleviate his financial troubles, but it just brought new ones.
Tiran has begun acting as if he is the sole head of the business.  He had been making decisions on his own not letting him know what he was up to. Deric did not want to have to force the issue. But something has shifted and went sideways between the two them. Deric did not know what, but he had to address it soon.
Deric got to Quarry at eleven o’clock, his usual time. Some of the dancers were already there. A few on the stages practicing routines while others were congregated around the bar. “Those drinks better be paid for!” Deric yelled at them all as he approached the group. He gave the bartender a scolding look. Dickey Crowfeather laughed heartedly with a childish smile spread across his face.
“You’re costing me a lot of money off my liquor numbers” he accused. “You should be thanking me youngblood, they dance better on the sauce” Dickey told him and went back to counting the bottles. “Relaxes them muscles” he smiled big again nodding his head towards the main stage. “Yeah, well tell that to the boss when he asks about the receipts.” Deric grumbled. “You can tell him for me, he’s in the back!” Dickey said throwing his chin over his shoulder.
The hairs on Deric’s arm stood up and a slow hum began to build in his ears with annoyance. His irritability level was high enough as it was without Kosoko’s demands for the day. He tamped down his anxiety as he entered the office they shared. He took a few more deep breaths before turning the handle he squeezed tightly. 
“Good morning Mr. McChristian!” Deric greeted him calmly. Stretched out the diamond tufted velvet sofa with wo of its large arm pillows stuffed behind him Kosoko opened his eyes. He lifted his large shoulders and swung his massive legs over the side of the couch. “I have a pickup I need you make soon.” Kosoko said. “Um yeah sure, does Phryne want them someplace particular again?” Deric asked him. 
“This has nothing to do with Phryne and you’ll keep that way!” Kosoko threatened. Deric pinched his lips together and did not respond. Obliviously this was not a by choice situation but a “do as your told” scenario. “Put them through the routine immediately, I have clients who hate waiting for things they’ve already purchased.” Kosoko directed him. 
“Can I ask who I’d be getting them from, I mean I won’t know anything about this new crew Mr. McChristian?” Deric questioned him finally. His safety meant a lot to him if to nobody else. “You do not have anything to worry about. I have known this man an exceptionally long time. He will not bother himself with something as menial as who you are.” Kosoko remarked sarcastically.
“Ok, so what am I expected to do then?” Deric huffed plopping down into a chair. “You’ll follow these directions out to the farm, and he’ll direct you from there.” Kosoko said standing sternly and grabbed his suit jacket off the arm of the couch. He reached into the inside pocket and retrieved a slip of paper. 
“This is the number you’ll call at midnight on Friday, go to wherever he tells you and don’t be late!” Kosoko said as he put himself together arranging his clothes. “Call me when it’s done!” he demanded before walking out leaving the door open on his way. Deric did not like the situation Kosoko was placing him in.
Going behind Phryne’s back would be a mistake. The woman did not like to have competitors stealing business. He unfolded the paper staring at the number and name written down. “Who the hell was Lascelles anyway?” he wondered folding it back up and shoving it into his pocket.
Deric got up to close the door and had just turned away when light quick succession of knocks and a whispering voice calling his name stopped him. “What is it now!” he yelled at the intruder. The door inched open, and Chasity peaked her head in. “Hey D’, Have you seen or heard from Fayne?” she asked him.
“Naw not since the Day Party event” he replied concerned that her roommate and BFF had not either. “We went home together after hanging out with two of the clients from the event. But the next morning she just disappeared!” Chasity cried. Deric wrapped his arm around her and led her to the couch. “Listen, we’ll look for her.” Deric assured her.
“Now what do mean she disappeared?” Deric asked. “She wasn’t in bed the next morning and she has never been a morning person, especially after hanging out late!” she explained. “Even if she did D’ I found her purse and keys still in the house” “She would never go anywhere without that damn Hermès bag!” Chasity babbled.
“Who were the clients you with?” he asked angry that they had broken the golden rule, never take them home. “The two guests Mr. DuPlessis had with him, Silas and Dominic.” She told him. “Ok I’ll start by checking them out” Deric stated. He rubbed her back gently as she swayed back and forth nervously. “Why don’t you go home and see if she’s returned while I track down those clients” he suggested easing her up and to the door.
“Ok, ok I’ll go check but her phones at the house!” Chasity declared, “How’s she going to call if she needs help?” she fretted. “Fayne’s a resourceful woman Chasity, if she’s in trouble I’m sure she’s doing everything she can to get out of it!” Deric reasoned for them both. Chasity hurried off, still worried about Fayne and Deric returning to his desk. He searched the clutter of papers for the guest list Phryne had given him.
Convincing her to give personal information of her exclusive clients wasn’t going to be easy. It was certainly impossible, and he would have to figure out a way to do it anyway.
Deric left the VIP section close to midnight. “Hey Dickey, I’m gone for the night can you lock up for me?” he asked. “Yeah, sure man what’s up?” Dickey asked him. “It’s all good!” Deric started leaving the club. He hopped into the Nissan passenger van they used to shuttle patrons. 
He sits in the van and waits a few minutes before dialing the number at midnight. The call rings twice and a male voice gives instructions then hangs up. Deric drove out of the lot just as Kosoko was pulling in. Hopefully, he will not be concerned with the receipts tonight and he could get back in time to fix the books. What he really needed was $15,000 to replace what he had taken from Quarry. 
With the speed Kosoko was spending on this secret venture of his he would find out about the theft soon enough. Deric drove for almost forty-five minutes out of Freewood before he reached his destination. The private gravel road through the farm was dark. The only light was on a pole barn further up the road.  
There were several SUVs parked in front of it inside a perimeter fence that separated the homestead from the fields. Deric stopped at the entrance gate where two guards with rifles were waiting. One approaches the driver’s side window as the other one positioned his rifle in Deric’s direction. “You’ll need to turn around sir this is private property” the guard demanded.
“I’m here to meet Lascelles” Deric informed him while cautiously keeping an eye on the other guard. He then waved to the guard house and the other guard lowered his weapon. Deric cautiously felt relieved as he drove through the gates. That was expensive gear and weaponry they had on them. This was an organized and well-funded operation which made it extremely dangerous. 
He drove up the gravel road to the barn where more guards were stationed.








They reached the cage that held Sira, a mixed bread wolf and Bernese whose mother had been given the serum. She was a wraith hybrid mongrel and she loved her very much. Caraline had been her handler since she was born just months ago. Sira was as mean as she was cute, and he was going to miss her.
She was risking his life by using him as bait on the guards. She was mutated, slightly ugly and meaner than the rest, especially when she first woke up. 
The drug she slipped into his water bowl was going to make that happen sooner than later. Okikki, damaging they lock his cage was the nail in the coffin. As soon as he got past the holding cell area the alarms would be set off and the ward put on lock . 
This would give them time to get to the basement and out through the tunnels. At least he would have a fighting chance, she thought as she rubbed his mane. The hydrochloric acid pods she placed inside the barrels of the guns the recovery team used.
Sira circled her cage occasionally shaking her head. She looked like a baby fighting her sleep, but Caraline knew it was her reaction to the drug. The low howl emanating in her chest did not draw the attention of the security guard assigned to the labs.
but Okikki knew when it was time to leave.
She growls loudly as she throws herself against the bars in her cage. It rattled violently as she hit it over and over. Other animals became restless as well. From fear of the dominant predator in a room going berserk in her cage.
“Get those animals under control” Kansen yelled, he was the Laboratory Manager, Lab Coordinator, Senior Scientist, Research Analyst, and laziest of them all. The rotund belly and tree trunk legs had flattened his small feet.
The Lab technician, Alvin (? surname) mumbled his opinion and ignored the request, continuing with his own work. The other Animal Care Technicians looked back and forth between themselves and the cage unmoving. 
Sira gnawing on the bars decided for all of them as they quickly walked to the exit. 

Wires sparked & dangled from broken ceiling tiles in the outer room to her cell. Furniture turned over all around the room strew with paper and broken glass. Bullet holes littered the walls and bodies lay twisted in their last moments with death soon upon them.
She accessed the monitor's information system.                
Mélisaire’s mind worked like a recorder, one special gift was her photographic memory.

full of metal crates and silver body sized bags. 
"What the hell is it?" came from behind her. She leaps between the crates dipping her head up and down to see more guards had entered the dock area.  "Shit I don’t know, never seen one like that" came another. She rests the baby in some of the bags and sneaks around to the other side of the row of crates.  
The child began to whimper causing the closet guard to search for the noise. She jumps over the crates clawed his throat deep enough to almost take his head off. The other man lifted his rifle trembling with fear. He held the trigger for dear life as it spewed in cadence with his screams. 
She saw herself reflected in the safety mirror hanging from the ceiling. Skin obsidian black covered in dark baby hair. Her face was prominent bone structure with a large feminine jawline. She held up her hands in front of her then the main alarm sounded. The shrill loud noise echoed the room.
The inhibitor sensors were embedded in the walls through the tunnels but not through that passage.
All they had to do was disengage the ones before the escape tunnel.










Ambridge Blackhope stared at the mural painting which landscaped panoramically around the assembly hall of The Black Ridge Preparatory Academy.  Vividly painted portraying the rich history of the academy from its distinguished beginnings of the Blackhope family. A Nergal bloodline, Trueblood’s of Trinus and pillars of Freewood River.
“Apologies for the wait chairman, faculty meetings get long winded most times.” Altidor Blackhope said hurrying to his seat. “It’s alright, your duty to the academy will always come first.” Ambridge replied to the principal of the academy. Altidor also served as vice chair to the society under his father. Ambridge was pleased with his successor and looked forward to devoting his time to Society and its prosperity.
“Fain, The agenda please?” Ambridge directed the secretary. Fain Blackhope read the list of items, Keeping the existing State, and the Founders Day Carnival events. Fain, Altidor twin by birth but born 27 weeks premature. She had joined her brother inside the womb months after his gestation had already begun. 
Ambridge had fondness for Fain but showed a detachment to her, being born first ahead of the true heir in the Blackhope line. “Carnival events will be overseen by myself this year” the chair bragged. Cleondria Priestly, Altidore’s fiancé and only Blackhope Bride since their mother’s death. “With this being your first Carnival and Matron of Ceremony lead I hope it’s not too much for you.” Draven stated. 
“Mother’s carnivals were legendary and unrivaled”. “Of course they were!” Cleondria passionately agreed with body stiffening. “Cleo will do a great rendition Draven; she’s a very capable woman with things!” Altidor indorsed. “Let’s get started, shall we?” Cedarian Abernathy scolded impatiently as always. 
“The role the Society will have been to convince members of the commons to decline the vote of inclusion.” “Yes, that’s right!” Quigley Skaggs seconded. “Make them stay with the Old Traditions and forget the Annexation Amendment!” Skaggs agitated. “The commons tenants have lived securely inside the city for decades under the protection of the Zibin Zag:.”, “we have to strip that comfort away, play their fears against them.” Simeon Whitlock alluded.
“We will uphold the Majestic Meshari and Namerin whatever the cost” Ambridge commanded. Okikki Clanmaker studied his old friend and rival a moment. Time was finally catching up with them and the stress of it was taking its toll. He was not born into the Nergal like the others. He was an Anomaly, a Pureblood, half Trueblood’s but accepted into the Nergal. 
He could see fear in Ambridge which he tried stoically to conceal. The Annexation Amendment could be the end to centuries stability, affluence, and stature for the Nergal caste. The joint fears encompassed them all. Okikki was not going to lose what he had built either. He glanced at Ateino, they were playing both sides of the board to ensure a goal. 
Using the same methods to reach different outcomes. “I have a way we can free the commons from their illusions” Ateino offered. “Your father’s spirit and talents inside you Warren” Ateino jested. Warren did not react to the insult. They all knew who his father was. 
They knew he had been expelled by the House members at his trial. The evil Wura possessed was in Ki.Gal with him and the Gallûs. “You’re unbelievable Boutilier!” Warren shouted. “It’s a means to an end Warren!” Ateino started coldly. “I agree with committee man Warren” Abernathy conceded. “His history is not littered with good ideas, it’s just as bad as his business acumen” Draven laughed along with others. 
“I’ve served your father and the Nergal with very few complaints in areas I am well versed with.” Ateino threatened. “Small maybe valuable successes that have only kept your expulsion in limbo Boutilier!” Warren warned him. Ambridge and other Senior Committee Chairs nodded agreement. “He wants to replicate what Wura did to the commons!” Warren told them. 
A collective round of stunned exhales murmured through the assembly. “We’ll find the best solution without having to lose the Commons entirely” Derringer Scarbrough assured. “Let’s just move on” He suggested. “Sir!” Ateino insisted on the Chair. “THAT IS ALL!” Ambridge reiterated strongly slapping his palm onto the large oak table. 
“The South Commons offers their alliances in exchange for admission to Black Ridge” Draven said. “Qualified aspirants are dwindling so it might be suitable to contemplate the idea.” Tyus Livingood agreed. Salastine Covington jumped out of his seat “I will not agree to let any mašúšbíra (half-blood) bastards walk through the gates!”
“Let’s give it some thought at least for the majority vote” Cleondria protested weakly. “The southern commons have at least four redeemable Nergal Houses, it shouldn’t be a problem!” she suggested. “Redeemable?” Warren consigned disagreeing. “That’s quite the attitude having been in the same position yourself” Farran mentioned.  Warren knocked the chair over charging out of it at Farran.
 “Half-blood bastard!” he whispered violently in Farran face dragging him out of his seat. Farran struggled so Fumi quickly tried to intervene but was held back by Cleondria. She warned her to stop with a shake of her head. Warren within his right to defend against the implied insult regardless of truth.
Stripped of caste privileges and communal restrictions, The House of Wura had fallen. “Warren, settle down!” the Chair ordered insulted by the vulgarity  of their behavior than the implications of unworthiness. Warren shoved Farran loose Fumi rushing to his side on the floor. Farran, shoving her hands away, picked himself up swiftly adjusting his shirt.
“ I share your aversions Warren, there has been wanton pollution(effluence) of lineages.” “There will be more scrutiny placed on evaluations going forward.” “The (marriage season) is the best time to introduce the out commons to the fold, pre-audition them” Draven indicates. “They are outwards for a reason!” Warren cautioned, “They have renounced the old traditions for progressive lifestyles which they have no intention of denouncing!” he said heatedly.
“Which has dwindled their numbers giving us leverage with provisions of admittance” Draven argued. “And out-breeding has increased their half-blood numbers!” Quigley said plainly. “More reason to accept the alliance on our terms” Drave countered. “Their expecting us to purify them with our bloodlines!” Simeon Whitlock stated. “The cost of such will have lasting effects for generations.”
“There’s testing that can ensure we find the anomaly” Ateino machinated met with another round of grumbling from the assembly. “ The Board will finalize procedures, but the Society will continue negotiations with the outward commons, resolved!” “Resolved!” the assembly acceded. “Moving on to agenda item two” Cleondria insisted elatedly. She droned on for the next twenty or so minutes until the Chair adjourned the assembly.
 
That same evening another authority met clandestinely over their agenda. Adenyini was alone in the room sitting in a chair facing a large stone dais. On top of it was a table with four chairs. The dimly lit orbs floated against the walls casting eerie shadows about the otherwise empty room. An entry on the right side of the room opened and four cloaked figures filed out onto the dais.
As the council seated themselves four dark figures approached them from behind and pushed the chairs to the table. Adenyini blinked in surprise for he had not seen nor heard them before and watched as they slinked their way back into the shadows. Adenyini sat quietly and stared at the Adedeji ("Double Crown" ) Council members with reverence.
The few times he had been summoned were usually only one of them in the room. Now there were four radiating bodies of tremendous power. Their obscure faces he had never seen, as they were always shrouded by the hoods of their cloaks. A melodic feminine voice greeted his ears. “Áñrig Adenyini” Én Šinísañ  ♀ Hilimaz spoke. “Soon we will begin our preparations to leave finally for our new home on Earth.” 
“You will be tasked with gathering our viable subjects together, those healthy enough to be a contribution to our future society as we rebuild our race.” She continued. “The other part of your duties will be to dispose of those who are not selected”, she paused then asked, “I must warn you now Áñrig  that your own family members are included in the gathering.” She finished.
Adenyini leaned forward slightly as his body tensed in consternation. “And how am I to carry out such an assignment with success, I haven’t the knowledge to decide these things” he replied looking from one member to the others. “Well of course you don’t Áñrig ” answered Én Šinísañ  ♂ Nebbianos, the senior member of the council.
“You will of course have a retinue qualified to assess for the virus, and they will only clear those with the lowest levels of mutation to add to your passenger list.” “And with your military background Adenyini” interrupted Én Šinísañ  ♂ Edylis, “I’m sure you’re more than capable of taking care of the disposal list with ease”.


Dana (Stone) was terrified sitting in the passenger seat while Durrell (Watson) drove recklessly down the narrow one lane road. He had crossed over the double lines more than a few times and now he just drove over it down the middle of the street. Mashonda (Wells) and Cedric (Morrison) were in the backseat laughing, smoking a joint and sharing a bottle of Grey Goose. 
Mashonda passed the bottle to Dana, but she did not want anymore. She was car sick from Durrell’s driving, who took the bottle. “Hey babe, why don’t you wait until we get there to drink?” Dana asked calmly. “What, I got this D,” he laughed. “Then please slow down or I’m going throw up,” Dana whined releasing her seat belt she rolled the window down. Durrell swerved the car again across the road losing control briefly before regaining control. 
He did not see the large animal darting out of the tree line before they crashed into it. The car stopped like it had hit a brick wall, hard! Slamming the teens forward, glass shattered all around them with the deafening crunch of metal. The wounded animal roared loudly as it climbed onto the mangled hood.
Durrell screamed, terrified that the beast which was no animal he had ever seen before rose before him. Mashonda and Cedric both cowered in the back screaming as well. Durrell laid on the horn hoping to scare it off. It just snarled menacingly at him baring large, spiked teeth in a jaw bigger than his head. He cried harder than he ever had staring into the yellow eyes of death. 
Headlights from an oncoming vehicle startled the monster back into the trees. Durrell watched it run off thanking God loudly for his life. It was then he noticed the seat next to him empty and blood covering the windshield in front of where Dana should have sat. “Oh God, oh God,” he wailed searching the road for her. 
At the foot of a tree, he found her motionless, her body contorted unnaturally. Garrett Jacobs thought what he saw was just a deer in the road accident. But as he got closer, he knew the large animal climbing onto the car was nothing from the known animal kingdom. 
It was the size of a bear but had long legs, pointed ears and an elongated muzzle. Jacobs watched the giant canine bear run off his tires screeched, and the truck slid to a stop in front of the car when he slammed the brakes. He jumped out gun in hand and ran to the spot where the beast entered the woods. 
He saw nothing and heard nothing coming from inside the trees. Only the extremely terrified people screaming for his help. Every instinct pulled him to go after the creature and either capture or kill it. They were alive if they were making sounds, and he was already calling emergency services. 
“Yeah, there’s an accident on route 53 just before mile marker 258 with injuries,” Jacobs told the dispatcher. He was about to hang up when he noticed her. “Possible fatality looks like she’s been ejected from the vehicle,” he reported and hung up. Racing back to his truck he pulled it over into the grass and turned his hazards on. 
Retrieving his rifle and backpack from the trunk he quickly locked it up and went on the hunt. Jacobs was a skilled hunter combat trainer in the Marines. This felt nothing like what he had experienced with any mission. He sent a message reporting his situation in case things went bad. The Black Guard would at least know where to begin a search and continue what he started.
He caught a chill from the night air which would get colder. His flannel-lined canvas jacket would not keep him warm if the temperatures continued to drop. He would have to do as much as he could with the little time he had, or he would risk freezing his ass off. 







Odale arrived at City Hall the next morning and he’s confronted by Adenyini, who’s waiting with a small group in the square. “Our esteemed Mayor is an instigator and a troublemaker.” Adenyini yelled “You’re a thief and you’re nothing” Odale replied. “And this investigation needs to continue and be completed by someone with no perceived conflict,” he said. 
“Therefore, I am calling for the immediate replacement of Sheriff (?) to lead this investigation Warden Adenyini” Odale said. “My belief is that the Department is in good hands and there is no truth to the lies you’re telling the good residents of Freewood” Adenyini said. 
“This is ridiculous. You cannot even do what you were elected to do, and now you want to place the blame of your own failures upon our trusted and beloved Sheriff (?)” Adenyini jeered. We are in total disarray,” Howard said. “If you are all OK with that, then fine. But I am not. We have big problems, and we cannot continue to do this.” Odale pleaded.
“We need someone who will do their job without bias and complicity and really investigate how you, regulate your district!” Odale asserted. “I’m sure there are those who want to see a more judicious warden in charge instead of old tyrant.” “I'm thinking it's a big fucking joke,” Adenyini sneered angrily. “Just your way of keeping off the council through slander and trickery!” Adenyini insisted. 
The entire problem here was Adenyini's ego. He wanted to be better than Odale so badly as right fist whistled through the air. They both jabbed, sliding their feet, circling each other. What started as a meeting to decide on a new Sheriff turned into a violent fight. When tempers unraveled the punches began flying. The difference between them was evident. 
Adenyini landed a soft right hook with a weak follow-up jab left that caught Odale in his rock-hard stomach. Spectators crammed around “C'mon, Warden! “Someone shouted. The olive ducked right another weak punch, and shoulder rolled a thunderous hook to the head. 
The Odale was a blur in motion delivering a full-bodied blow to the gut that staggered and tumbled his weaker opponent which made the crowd roar. Odale began to pummel the shit-talking warden before others who gathered worked to break it up. Deputy (?) grabbed Odale and Kosoko restrained Adenyini.
Adenyini flashed a blinding temper, and simmering rage lay beneath the surface. “This isn’t over” He threatened as he limped off, bloody, sullen, and silent.  “No one wants to fucking hear you anymore Warden!” Odale yelled angrily after him. “That motherfucker hit like he was throwing cotton.” Odale told Willie who still had a firm hold on him. 
“He was OK, He wasn't a great fighter maybe he’s really just a scrapper.” Willie said and the others laughed. “There is no excuse for this. It is an embarrassment to the city” Odale admonished them all. “The search for an outside investigator to lead the probe into Adenyini will be started following the former Sheriff’s voluntary resignation.” He said retreating into the building. 
When He arrived at his office, His assistant looked wary standing in front of the window. “You saw all that I take it?” he asked her. “Well, anyone could have seen that considering the noise in the middle of the square” Theadora Brightwood replied. “Listen Theadora, I know you’ve been friends with the sheriff for a long time, but He’s not doing his job” Odale said.
 “His complacency to turn the other cheek with Adenyini has become a serious issue for the folks living in his jurisdiction and we have to help them!” He told her and walked into his Office. Theadora looked at the computer screen but did not focus on her work. She knew he was right about the Sheriff. She herself had become privy to his dealings with the warden years ago. 
She had stayed with his Én Šinísañ  for over 40 years, and this was the first time she felt shame in their union. 
Even stupidity on her part. If the investigation into the Sheriff continues, she would be discovered along with the things she had done. The shrill of the phone startled her and she answered with an uneven voice. “Mayor Gannibal’s Office how may I help you?” it was the doctor again, “Just a moment please” she told him. 
She transferred the call to the mayor. “Sir I have Dr. Tressler on the line” she informed him. “Thank you, Theadora, I’ll take the call” Odale responded. “Tressler” Odale greeted curtly. “We need to talk as soon as possible” Dr. Tressler demanded. “I agree, I’ll meet you in usual place this evening” Odale said and ended the call.












































6 CHAPTER

Levant Doney pulled his patrol car around to the back exit and waited a few minutes before going in. Mom D was not going to be happy if she knew he was high again. No telling what would happen considering the state she must be in. The kitchen was hot, and food sat on the stove and grill wasted away.
Voices carried over the serving window and he could see his co-workers shuffling around.  
Some were drinking coffee at the counter nonchalantly until they realized he had walked into the room. He did not see Mother D anywhere. Of course, he thought she would be at the hospital glued to her baby’s side. How stupid could he get, he thought. The haze he had been in for the last hour was finally clearing.
Littles hugged Levant quickly and patted his shoulder. “Your mama’s been calling boy, why haven’t you called her back yet?” he asked disapprovingly. “I honestly thought she was going to need a doctor herself over something like this?” he looked down at the puddles of blood on the floor. “How was he?” Levant asked sadly. 
“He was conscience but bleeding badly when they got here” Littles rubbed his face in a frustrated reflex. “You should get down there to them Levant” I know your mother’s not overseeing this well.”  Levant gave him a quick hug of his own and hurried off.  Littles the cook at the diner and mom D's loyalist supporter there have been rumors that he was a cherished father, but no one had the balls to ask Dove about it. 
Littles sat at the counter for a moment wishing he could go to Dove himself.  He had tried to call her, but it kept going to voicemail.  He walked into the manager’s office and took a seat at Dove’s desk.  There was not much to do but wait for the police to finish so he could get around to cleaning up the mess.  Business as usual tomorrow so He guessed he would be late into the night making things right around the diner.	
He stared at the family portrait Dove kept on her desk.  He has supported her family for a long time, but he had never felt the member he should have been.  Dove had her secrets, and no matter how badly he wanted to reveal just one. He did not want to take a chance of losing everything to it. “Hey littles” Deputy Bartlett called from the doorway. “Yeah” Littles answered, “We’re done with scene man, you can close up now or whatever”. 
The deputy informed him. “Yeah ok, thanks Junie” he replied placing the photo back on the desk. His life cycled around loneliness and turmoil for so long before he came to Freewood Rivers. He had walked into this diner looking for a meal and a quick couple of bucks.  Dove walked up to his table, took his order and the rest was history.  The fore-longed admirer wanted only her presence if nothing else.


Odale waited in the office of Dr. Tressler impatiently. Everything will be exposed, and he will be the catalyst of destruction. It was all too much of a burden for him and he refused to execute any longer. Odale refused to be responsible for death of his own people anymore. His conscience weighed heavy with the hundreds of souls whose blood stained his hands.
Odale believed in the beginning that the purification of the bloodlines would be worth the cost if the end results saved lives, but it was genocide. Now they were facing extinction from within lead by a sadistic narcissist with a god complex. The Tressler would be stopped but first Odale needed the original formula.
Odale placed drops of the sedative in both the glasses next to the decanter. Hopefully Tressler will follow patterns and have a sip of his favorite cognac when he comes in. This would be his last chance to get the blood sample. It was the only evidence he could give to the Adedeji to put a stop to this for the last time. He regretted the way he had used Kalaya, but she was a key piece in all of it.
Tressler walked buoyantly into his office. “Odale, good to see you!” he greeted patting him on the shoulder as he passed. “Have you secured the information from Kalaya I’m eager to see the progress Dr. Pierce’s made.” Tressler exclaimed. “Kalaya was arrested before she could send the documents, I’m afraid.” Odale informed him. “What are doing to retrieve the information?” Tressler asked tersely.
“I hired someone to do it for me” Odale answered. “This is unacceptable, and I’ll hold you responsible if anything else goes wrong.” Tressler threatened him. He got up and went to the decanter just as Odale hoped. He brought the glass to his lips, drank it all and poured another before returning to his seat. “We’re this close Odale to getting what we both want do I need to remind you of what we could lose?” Tressler stated. 
“Believe me I know!” Odale replied watching Tressler down the second glass. “When will you hear from them, the person you’ve tasked with…” Tressler gave a long pause, “What did…?” Tressler mumbled before he passed out. The glass in his hand rolled under the desk as his body went limp. Odale calmly rounded the desk and pushed Tressler back. He removed his shoe and sock. Drawing the syringe from his pocket and inserting it between his big and index toes. He replaced Tressler’s clothing and left the room.



Adenyini w/Enforcer…(Background in Wards/Wardens in FWR)
Adenyini is having a meeting with his enforcers about a development project. What is they to find dirt on the city council members to pressure them into rezoning a 3-acre lot for his (?). Gets news from Mole that Odale plans to start an investigation into his dealings and business, remove him from his post as warden.


We have always been a community about family bonds, you have never tried to be a part of that even after you were taken in, never accepted our ways or companionship. You have brought this person into our lives and made us all the victims of her persecution.

She paced the gardens of the compound lost in her thoughts. "What worries Én Šinísañ ?" the housekeeper emerged from the shadows of the archway.
she sauntered into the moonlight swinging a bouquet of wild vines. " I am worried about a few things".  She answered after a moment, there was just something about the girl that seemed familiar to her. It was uncomfortable talking to her. " I am sure you will do fine", "When I went through my Kolo for the first time I failed" . "I was weaker and disgraced my house.", "But you, you are strong, I see not fear in you but apprehension Én Šinísañ ." "Do you not wish to join?" she asked. She struggled with an answer. She enjoyed the wanders life very much, she also wanted the family the covenant brought, so why did it feel like an involuntary assimilation with the restrictions required?



They all stood around talking inside the gym, in the boxing ring a few sparred off as they did also on the ground mats. Most of the people had not seen each other in a long time and this was the best way to get acquainted themselves. Tiran studied the room, longing to be a part of the comradery and goofing off, but his position called for much more reserved and astute behavior. 

The people in this her own are now your enemies and you cannot defeat your friends you are not strong enough to bring down your photos you will fight the children chosen by the heavens you already had the power to do so ever since the first time we met I've been stuck on you and obsession they kept growing now I'm at my limit how can you call what you do love

Nisca’s and Chichi’s match started.
(Summary: the combatants paired off, with so much adrenaline in the room the hormone levels were reaching their peak.)
  
Carved into the rockface forming four rows of giant steps that were seating. Opposite the semi-circle rows was a small wood pavilion where the elder council and Adedeji council sat stoically in their seats as the community filed into an amphitheater at the base of Jacob's Ladder.
The nine women of the chosen prepared themselves inside tents for the opening ceremonies. The first event was the presentation. The ornamenting or tattooing of the women with a special paint and elaborate jewelry. They would all have to perform the (?) dance. "It is time" an elder woman announced as she entered Johnari’s tent. Nanisca and Chichi stopped helping adorn herself. They had pulled her dreads up into multiple twists. 
All the women raised their weapons in salute of the Commander. The Horns sounded like they were starting off the opening match, and the first pair of opponents entered the circle. 
Johnari faced her opponent even though self-doubt plaque her. The Leader called for the start, and they began their attack. Johnari feinted left from Bias’s quick right hook and countered with one of her own landing a hard face punch followed by a left upper cut that missed. Bisa countered with a leg kick behind her knee and hard gut punch that knocked the wind out of her.
As her second hit landed on her temple and dazed the hell out her, Johnari swept her leg out sending Bisa back and rolled away quickly leaping into a standing position. She regained her wits quickly enough to block Bisa's club with her own and connect a quick jab to her jaw. They traded blows back and forth Johnari hitting Bisa hard in the thigh with the club swinging low and then high. She hurried to take advantage of her opponents off balance parry and came down hard on Bisa's forearm knocking the weapon from her hand. 
Bisa scrambled to defend herself from Johnari's who became possessed with a wild rage and barrage of kicks and punches. But Bisa's miscalculated maneuver to spin away right and retrieve her club cost her dearly as Johnari swung low into her knee. The sickening crack as her leg folded back causing Bisa to scream in agony as she fell down. Bisa rocked side to side holding her leg, the (?) bone protruding though ripped flesh of her broken leg.

The gathering activities were concluding with the final event over the three-day weekend. The process of elimination trials that each female Algul participated in had quickly shrunk to the final four contestants waiting in the staging area. 
Most of the Ashoi gathered had more experience in battle than Johnari. Of course, they would be, the War was almost two centuries ago. The sound of the drums as they marched filled Johnari with a sense of honor. 
These beats were hers, her warrior heart pounding in her chest as all the women filed out into the hall and lined up in front of the queen’s section. The stone walls glistened from the mist made by the cascading water of the underground river. 
This was an ancient place adorned with embroidered tapestries, furs, and silks strew about large cushions and ornate iron chairs. The large animal hides drums seemed to beat louder and louder with each step she took. 
The women raised their swords out in front of them in honor Én Šinísañ  Okikki and then over their chest as they bowed in submission. With the sounding of the first horn the women faced off with their opponents. 
Johnari studied Aamaal, a large almost masculine in her build with well used muscles which she would have to use her agility against to compensate for the difference in strength. At the sound of the second horn the matches were under way. 
Johnari faced her opponent at the sound of the second born they charged each other swinging their swords and knives Johnari fainted left as pieces swore it came crashing down against her she their first blow staggered her but not her courage she paired right swinging low at Amira's thighs were barely able to connect only cutting the flesh and hurried to the fan against her next attack swung wildly as is possess and has seen his rage controlling her body and her strain Johnari kicked her leg out catching her behind her knee stumbling her just enough for an opening to her back the support sliced across her shoulders tearing a gash long in deep into it as Marist sword sliced through has seen his arm weakening her ability to raise her shield the kick she received to her stomach caused her further delay to recover in time from the onslaught of blows she barely managed to block the handle of her swore connecting as Mira in the jaw gave her enough time to line stabbing the Amazon in shoulder she countered any punching Johnari with an uppercut they landed her flat on her back she drew the short blade out and came and has seen she rolled just in time to miss the blade grabbing hold of her leg as she twisted it enough to sit in the woman down in with momentum a flurry of punches to as mere as he Johnari rendered her unconscious she did not notice the short blade protruding out of her thigh until she tried to stain the praying the pain brought her back down on one knee visa brought her knee up quickly catching Johnari in the lower ribs then grabbing her head and slammed her into the stone wall Johnari Rose and Lance are way to the altar before the Queens she raised her sward in tribute again then stagger back to the staging area she saw the woman visa being bandaged by a slave in one of the stalls she was surprised the tiny woman made it through her round pieces smiled and nodded her head at Johnari before she disappeared behind her own curtain 
A strike then made her a pony Gelt with pain and fear a blow that begins its power high and generates centrifugal force behind the shoulder by dropping down and backup before launching into the opponent’s tender bits her opponents arm is trapped between her legs and she holds it by the hand she applies pressure by stretching her body pressing against theirs with her legs
The women circled each other like wild cats stalking their prey. Aamaal charged her swinging her sword high and bringing down with unbelievable force as it hit Johnari’s shield. 
Johnari dodged left to gain a blind spot behind Aamaal’s bulky frame striking quickly with her own sword, but the woman was lighter on her feet than she anticipated. All she gained for the effort was a swift yet powerful kick to the stomach. 
Johnari swung low at Aamaal’s legs slicing into the thigh muscle but barely talking the woman to the ground. She countered swiftly backhanding her in the face with the handle of her sword. 
She would not give her an inch to recover so she had to be relentless with the chance she had to disable Aamaal’s momentum. Her knee connected with her chin throwing her onto her back.
 Johnari followed using her shield as a weapon pounding it into Aamaal’s face. Aamaal bucked her hips and rolled them both over grabbing Johnari’s throat, strangling her with massive hands.
Johnari jabbed her thumbs into Aamaal ’s eyes gouging them until she felt her grip loosen then she pulled Aamaal to her for a quick head butt which freed her enough to roll from under her. Once she was up the deep breathing and dizziness caused disorientation. 
The gasps and then complete silence when she regained her footing she had not noticed, but when Aamaal backed away from her when a look of utter terror. 
She turned in a full circle seeing the faces of everyone else which resembled Aamaal’s.  Én Šinísañ  Okikki and Én Šinísañ  Fumi approached the ring the only two who seemed to smile, confusing Johnari even more.
“Saehira Mau” Okikki whispered as he looked Johnari up down amazed at what stood before him. “Not in many, many centuries my child has a Saehira Mau been born to our clan!” 
Én Šinísañ  Fumi exclaimed. “Én Šinísañ  Okikki and I have never known of one in our lifetime or that of our mother’s” she spoke as she caressed the Johnari’s cheek in a delicate fashion. “What are you saying, I don’t understand what’s going” Johnari begged as the room grew full of whispers. 
Okikki gently held her hands raising them up for her to see. 
Johnari stumbled back scared of her own flesh. The Black smooth skin that covered her arms stretched out to the Johnari like fingers on her hands. She looked at the rest of her body as if the same seemed to be apparent all over. 
“What is this” she yelled, “What the fuck am I” she screamed in panic touching herself and feeling the new skin wishing she could rip it off. Everything blurred as she struggled for breath and fainted.

Johnari stood studying her body once again after she awakened. She still had a tough time accepting herself until Én Šinísañ  Okikki arrives and assures her that she is special and to look at it as the blessing which it was. 
Okikki explains “the stripes of fur across your body and the half human form you maintain when you change are the designation Saehira Ashoi, A Priestesses who long ago belonged to our clan on ZILITTU KIGI .
“You carry the essence Saehira in you. When Saehira died in the battle, we used those capable of the magic to keep her essence alive. But many chose not to bear the burden of her dark spirit at the last moment. in lesser form are considered witches. You are simply both.”
I must admit this could not have happened at a better time. You can bear a child without having the time limit of the breeding cycle. Instead of years you will be able to do it within months.” He spoke extremely excitedly as his thoughts carried him into the future. “We will of course collaborate with you here, to help you become better acquainted with this form.” Okikki informs her. 
“There are texts which will help you identify your species and learn almost everything you’ll need to know”.  This was a good thing Johnari thought as he led her out of the room, when in her heart she wished she were far away still the woman she had been before.

“You will also have to relocate to with the rest of the coven to Krimms Fallow” he informed her. “I was going to save that bit of news until after the gathering, but with events the way they are now…” his voice trailed off as he became lost in his own thoughts.

Én Šinísañ  Fumi placed a calming hand on Johnari’s shoulder. “I know this is a lot to take in right now my dear, but you are strong enough to get through it.” Johnari’s eyes blurred thinking of all the other times Fumi had supported her. She had found Johnari begging for food outside of a McDonald’s when she was fourteen. 
Johnari had been homeless since her escape and her homelessness was clearly apparent in her dirty appearance. Fumi had taken her in on the spot. She had been with her for a few days when Fumi noticed the birthmark on her right shoulder. 
She had asked Johnari a lot of questions about her family then, but Johnari had never known her parents. All she could tell her was the first foster home she remembered and how she moved around after that.
 When Okikki arrived, and explained their history to her, she thought then that her life could not be any worse. That same feeling was now making a comeback as everything around her seemed to be falling apart. 
“Everyone will be with you in the royal city my dear” Fumi said. “It will be a change for all of us too, but it is time we join the covenant” “you’ll see, it won’t be as bad as you think being around your own kind” Fumi rose to leave but seemed to wait for any response Johnari might have. 
“I guess we’ll soon find out Én Šinísañ ” Johnari joked. “I really hate moving, the packing and starting over.” She complained.
“Not to mention I’ll lose a lot of business if not all of my clients as a Domme, and I’d have to travel more for my investigation firm.” 
“Johnari, you might want to start thinking along the lines of a marriage instead of business my dear” Fumi stated. “There is a high probability that your new transition will make you the number one pick.” And just like that Johnari felt her world explode.

34 CHAPTER

Thick clouds spiraled in the sky overhead. Deafening thunder roared as the air pressure dropped rapidly. The ground trembled, sending folks running inside to escape the rancid air and gain cover. birds fell from the sky pounding into the things below. The enormous cloud began to descend bellowing downwards in thick grey puffs. A terrifying visage as the wraths barreled down on anyone left on the street. 
Panicked and screaming they ran from the teeth and claws of the demons who snatched them away. Ghastly mutilations continued unhindered for all anyone could do was hide in fear of their lives.
The attack ended as quickly as it began leaving horror behind. Surviving residents emerged trembling with shock. The aftermath had all silent but horrific realization made them hysterical. They screamed and cried staggering through the streets. Searching through the mangled flesh for loved ones. Their weeping continued through the night as the stoic gathered remains into body bags and carried them to the morgue.

Second virus victim… Aide at Hospital



35 CHAPTER
Johnari’s Binds Broken… 



36 CHAPTER
Third virus victim…IQ CSI


37 CHAPTER

Johnari meets Acclivis Arch Sage & Gottingham… 


38 CHAPTER


39 CHAPTER

40 CHAPTER

41 CHAPTER

42 CHAPTER

LOL & Mitutu attack Sanctum, Vessel stolen from Ark…


43 CHAPTER
Barrier Broken…
44 CHAPTER
Johnari struggle with dark Mahru…
She ran to the bathroom after hearing what someone was talking about, images of her (?) came flashing back to her. the low energy, the sudden illnesses, she could feel the (?) when they had been in the (?) together. It was not (?) he was doing this for, it was for the child that had come from the affair. Family was the most important thing to(?)

It felt almost impossible to calm the relentless urges besieging her body. The thought of his hands amorously caressing her body, his mouth tasting her tender places. It was forever in her mind. she could still feel him inside of her.

She can see images from the past, and she thinks of her own memories, but they are really her mother’s(essence). The watchers have placed her under a spell that will leave her age until her fade cycle.

Johnari spaze out as her new powers emerge, she can see or feel past shadows (Shadow walker) of events from the essence left in the space.
She thinks someone is watching her and is in the house with her at (?). She is on the tube and hears a man’s voice whispering, she climbs out and gets a gun from the towel closet, walking naked, she searches for the other rooms in the house. she sees a man hunched down by the tv center and yells at him not to move. but the man keeps doing whatever it was as if he had not heard her at all. he stands as she approaches and turns towards her, she fires the gun striking the tv which goes sparks and debris, the man vanished. she didn’t see him run from the room past her didn’t heard feet running. 

The group comes into the room prepared with weapons after hearing the gun shot. "What’s going on" Nanisca asks, clearing the room, Johnari races outside and checks the perimeter in front of the house. Her friends get her to calm down and explain what happened. She tells them what she saw. They check the house again and lock it up. Johnari cleans the mess up and notices the bullet hole in the wall, there is something strange about it. The walls in the house were piercing but this section was made of something else.
You shouldn't have come here Johnari told her she couldn't believe that you were following her Mina had her suspicions that you were spying on her but she didn't figure out for who yet by now it doesn't matter I can't let you relay this information back she turned to Johnari I told you not to about as a matter fact I told you not to take the damn thing I told you not to leave the compound and I told you couldn't listen to what I was saying you are on your own so guess what here's a weapon and a goodbye as I'm done Johnari walked away.

Tiran Temple looked over security reports on the research project theft before an emergency meeting with its Ejirogene Industries board members. The security team could not locate Vice-President Eric Travis. They needed to speak with him about emails on a secret server found by the IT team. With few clues to his whereabouts, they were frantically working to do damage control.
But they knew who one of the perpetrators was, the prized and renowned geneticist Kalaya Lyons. “It’s always the one you least expect,” Jacobs had said and damned if he was not right. He would now have extra security on everyone involved in the project. The scenario was about to get worse. 
The virus would get exposed, and whoever was using it on humans had no idea that the vaccine, without the missing formula mutated the virus. It would be an epidemic similar as the black plague all over again. Except this time, it would run its course through the entire global population. 
They talked loudly amongst themselves over the troubling news. The room went deathly quiet instantly as he walked to the head of the long conference table. “We all know why we’re here,” Tiran stated and sat down. “First, I want to know exactly what we can do to get the situation under control,” “And second, everyone involved with the program questioned!” Tiran demanded.
 “What of the specimen? Do we know if it is another mutation of the virus or the vaccine?” Tiran asked the head of the division Dr. Laster. “The virus hasn’t had enough time to mutate any of the test cells we’re working with,” “The vaccine will not cure the virus altogether, but antibodies int the blood will not be able to fight it,” “The virus seems un-attracted to certain blood types, so some may have an immunity factor.”
 Laster stopped suddenly realizing she was rambling , and Tiran was not paying much attention anyway. Tiran stared into the unknown as she spoke, unconsciously rubbing his hands up and down his thighs. “There are still things to do before I leave for an important trip. We need to have contingencies for the fallout if there is an epidemic.”
“Mr. Hastings as the head of public relations you’ll be overseeing it,” “Mrs. McKnight, I will need you to do a financial analysis of what it could cost us. I am sure investors will be beating down the doors once it hit the news.” “Mr. Poe congratulations, your being promoted to vice president. That is if you want the job under the circumstances,” Tiran conceded as he made his way out of the room.


Ateino/Tressler conspiracy, BREEDERS
Sunlight beams streamed into the gloomy room. An early spring was emerging into the light from the bitter cold of winter.  She wanted to do the same and break free of the cold shell and be warmed in the light.  The doctor came on a warm sunny day a year ago, she had been sitting in the window watching some of the kids play wild as the weeds in the field and carefree.  
found in woods comatose so she missed the angry stares of the elders, and the children hiding behind them when they carried her into the compound. They let her move about in the yard for exercise. Guards always accompanied her. the men kept their distance snarling and frowning at her, this went on for the next three months. 
She could not really blame them, she was different from the others, her scent and aura were like a funky smog hovering over her. She knew she did not want him to touch her, but it was useless when the sting of a metal dart sticking out of her shoulder took it all away in an instant.
She braced herself when she heard the footfalls descending the stairs.  The growling grew under her breath as the sounds came closer and their scents grew stronger.  When the door opened, it felt like evil released itself in a powerful burst into the room.
It was their scent, the smell of evil rotting flesh. the vicious growl rumbling through her and the heat from her blood boiling inside her was more anger than anything else she'd felt before. 
His tactics had worked when he first started visiting the compound and taking a special interest in her.  There were routine checkups in the beginning, general health screens. Then he started running his tests. On the night of the first test her meal was delivered as always to her room.  
Halfway through the meal she realized how incredibly sleepy she had become. staggering to the bed but never really making it.  her eyes rolled in her head as she struggled to stay awake. she remembered looking up at the ceiling fan from her position on the floor. 

The next time she lifted her eyes she was in this room. this dark cold foul room strapped down to this bed dazed and confused. She looked around and even with her blurred vision she didn’t recognize the room she was in. The bed she was laying in was even softer than the hard mat she had become accustomed to in her room.
The chill rolled up her spine first followed by extreme pain radiating throughout her. her nails dug deeper into the mattress; she screamed as another spasm took her before the first had ebbed.  Her growl became a whimper as the change took over her. 
It had been so long that her tight muscles screamed in agony as they stretched and twisted. the straps barely restraining her. Before she could break loose, the cool rush of liquid flowing through her veins immediately calmed her. 
she succumbed to the release of pain that came with passing out. She awoke the following evening with a massive headache to go with a shitty stomachache. She realized her therian form had returned. Her fur was matted and filthy, and she reeked. 
She had not shifted back into form since her arrival, and they were keeping her locked away in a separate wing of the compound. They bathed numerous times to get the scent off her. It was riling up some in the coven into bad dispositions. They finally stopped when the scent was weak enough not to be smelled off the wing. 
She soon looked forward to her evening bath. the long hot soaks would never cleanse her of her horrors, and she could sleep peacefully. Nurse B entered the room first followed by Dr. Shy who cautiously kept his distance from her bed. 
He had small scratches all over his face.  She wondered what had happened to him but quickly decided that whatever had occurred he had more than likely deserved.  She wanted to see all of them come to fatal harm. She hated them all who were doing this to her. 
 He started going into his usual banter, he was helping her, she was special, she would learn to trust him. All she wanted to do for him was take his life. the Nurse walked to the side of the bed and began checking the restraints on her arms and legs. but she could not feel them and the only thing she could move was her head. 
"Now no more trouble must, nurse B whispered as she injected her with another dose of sedatives. (She was becoming immune to the drug, and they had to keep raising the dosage. she was currently at dangerous risk of overdosing)
She screamed as if another spasm took on her body; it felt as if something was ripping every muscle apart from the inside.  "It's painful I know" Dr. Shy stated without directly looking her way. "We're going to start the next phase of your treatments, and your body will be placed under great strains before we achieve our desired results".  
She tried to move but nothing happened. All she could do was cry at that moment heavy sobs, nurse A came into the room carrying a tray full of small bottles. She placed the tray on the table next to the bed and her soft muffled voice hummed assurances and apologies as she wiped the tears away. 
Her body started thrashing from convulsions as the shift started. The sensation radiated throughout her body, but the pain seemed bearable, less than it been in the past.

Okikki turns out to be behind the experiments and the largest buyer of the so care babies he has found a way to perfect the DNA combination by breeding through one specific bow line of Therrien which belongs to the reigning royal family pureblood Therrien males are the strongest of essence.

Dr. Dressler reported Cora had been killed during the raid at Rosewood, but he hid her under the name of another patient who had actually died previously when she gets released she plans to use her powers against St. Malo to find his grandfather Benjamin she ends up becoming obsessed with the doppelgänger version of Benjamin in Timmy St. Malo

the family has problems with their relationship because she is not from a noble family coven like the woman he betrothed to, and she is older in age.
 


Chapter 5

Odale arrived at City Hall the next morning and he’s confronted by Adenyini, who’s waiting with a small group in the square. “Our esteemed Mayor is an instigator and a troublemaker.” Adenyini yelled “You’re a thief and you’re nothing” Odale replied. “And this investigation needs to continue and be completed by someone with no perceived conflict,” he said. “Therefore, I am calling for the immediate replacement of Sheriff (?) to lead this investigation Warden Adenyini” Odale said. 
“My belief is that the Department is in good hands and there is no truth to the lies you’re telling the good residents of Freewood” Adenyini said. “This is ridiculous. You cannot even do what you were elected to do, and now you want to place the blame of your own failures upon our trusted and beloved Sheriff (?)” Adenyini jeered. We are in total disarray,” Howard said. “If you are all OK with that, then fine. But I am not. We have big problems, and we cannot continue to do this. Odale pleaded.
“We need someone who will do their job without bias and complicity and really investigate how you, regulate your district!” Odale asserted. “I’m sure there are those who want to see a more judicious warden in charge instead of old tyrant.” “I'm thinking it's a big fucking joke,” Adenyini sneered angrily. “Just your way of keeping off the council through slander and trickery!” Adenyini insisted. 
The entire problem here was Adenyini's ego. He wanted to be better than Odale so badly as right fist whistled through the air. They both jabbed, sliding their feet, circling each other. What started as a meeting to decide on a new Sheriff turned into a violent fight. When tempers unraveled the punches began flying. The difference between them was evident. 
Adenyini landed a soft right hook with a weak follow-up jab left that caught Odale in his rock-hard stomach. Spectators crammed around “C'mon, Warden! “Someone shouted. The olive ducked right another weak punch, and shoulder rolled a thunderous hook to the head. The Odale was a blur in motion delivering a full-bodied blow to the gut that staggered and tumbled his weaker opponent which made the crowd roar. Odale began to pummel the shit-talking warden before others who gathered worked to break it up. Deputy (?) grabbed Odale and Kosoko restrained Adenyini.
Adenyini flashed a blinding temper, and simmering rage lay beneath the surface. “This isn’t over” He threatened as he limped off, bloody, sullen, and silent.  “No one wants to fucking hear you anymore Warden!” Odale yelled angrily after him. “That motherfucker hit like he was throwing cotton.” Odale told Willie who still had a firm hold on him. “He was OK, He wasn't a great fighter maybe he’s really just a scrapper.” Willie said and the others laughed.
“There is no excuse for this. It is an embarrassment to the city” Odale admonished them all. “The search for an outside investigator to lead the probe into Adenyini will be started following the former Sheriff’s voluntary resignation.” He said retreating into the building. When He arrived at his office, His assistant looked wary standing in front of the window. “You saw all that I take it?” he asked her. “Well, anyone could have seen that considering the noise in the middle of the square” Theadora Brightwood replied.
“Listen Theadora, I know you’ve been friends with the sheriff for a long time, but He’s not doing his job” Odale said, “His complacency to turn the other cheek with Adenyini has become a serious issue for the folks living in his jurisdiction and we have to help them!” He told her and walked into his Office. Theadora looked at the computer screen but did not focus on her work. She knew he was right about the Sheriff. She herself had become privy to his dealings with the warden years ago. she had stayed his mistress for over 40 years, and this was the first time she felt the shame in their union. 
Even stupidity on her part. If the investigation into the Sheriff continues, she would be discovered along with the things she had done. The shrill of the phone startled her and she answered with an uneven voice. “Mayor Gannibal’s Office how may I help you?” it was the doctor again, “Just a moment please” she told him. 
She transferred the call to the mayor. “Sir I have Dr. Tressler on the line” she informed him. “Thank you, Theadora, I’ll take the call” Odale responded. “Tressler” Odale greeted curtly. “We need to talk as soon as possible” Dr. Tressler demanded. “I agree, I’ll meet you in usual place this evening” Odale said and ended the call.

Odale waited in the office of Dr. Tressler impatiently. Everything will be exposed, and he will be the catalyst of destruction. It was all too much of a burden for him and he refused to execute any longer. Odale refused to be responsible for death of his own people anymore. His conscience weighed heavy with the hundreds of souls whose blood stained his hands.
Odale believed in the beginning that the purification of the bloodlines would be worth the cost if the end results saved lives, but it was genocide. Now they were facing extinction from within lead by a sadistic narcissist with a god complex. The Tressler would be stopped but first Odale needed the original formula.
Odale placed drops of the sedative in both the glasses next to the decanter. Hopefully Tressler will follow patterns and have a sip of his favorite cognac when he comes in. This would be his last chance to get the blood sample. It was the only evidence he could give to the Adedeji to put a stop to this for the last time. He regretted the way he had used Kalaya, but she was a key piece in all of it.
Tressler walked buoyantly into his office. “Odale, good to see you!” he greeted patting him on the shoulder as he passed. “Have you secured the information from Kalaya I’m eager to see the progress Dr. Laster’s made.” Tressler exclaimed. “Kalaya was arrested before she could send the documents, I’m afraid.” Odale informed him. “What are doing to retrieve the information?” Tressler asked tersely.
“I hired someone to do it for me” Odale answered. “This is unacceptable, and I’ll hold you responsible if anything else goes wrong.” Tressler threatened him. He got up and went to the decanter just as Odale hoped. He brought the glass to his lips, drank it all and poured another before returning to his seat. “We’re this close Odale to getting what we both want do I need to remind you of what we could lose?” Tressler stated. 
“Believe me I know!” Odale replied watching Tressler down the second glass. “When will you hear from them, the person you’ve tasked with…” Tressler gave a long pause, “What did…?” Tressler mumbled before he passed out. The glass in his hand rolled under the desk as his body went limp. Odale calmly rounded the desk and pushed Tressler back. He removed his shoe and sock. Drawing the syringe from his pocket and inserting it between his big and index toes. He replaced Tressler’s clothing and left the room.
(Odale sees Caraline on his way out)






Adenyini is having a meeting with his enforcers about a development project. What is they to find dirt on the city council members to pressure them into rezoning a 3-acre lot for his (?). Gets news from Mole that Odale plans to start an investigation into his dealings and business, remove him from his post as warden.


Tiran’s Father
the son of Regent (?) and his favorite concubine who later became his legal wife, (?). 
his father suddenly died; Tiran’s uncle Darum became the new Regent (Adenyini’s stepfather)
After the succession of his uncle Darum, Tiran was confined in the , which affected his health. Tiran’s half-brother’s (same father different Mother’s, other concubine’s) Diyab, Namielus, and Misak had been executed by the order of Regent Darum, and because of that Tiran feared that he was next in the line. 
Tiran lived in terror of being the next to die. His life was saved only by the intercession of Kasem Sultan, mother of Tiran’s Father and Darum.
Kara Mustafa Pasha remained as Grand Vizier during the first four years of Ibrahim’s reign, keeping the Empire stable. reduced the number of Janissaries, removed non-contributing members from the state payrolls, and curbed the power of disobedient provincial governors. During these years, Ibrahim showed concern with properly ruling the empire.
Ibrahim was often distracted by recurring headaches and attacks of physical weakness, perhaps caused by the trauma of his early years.[8] Since he was the only surviving male member of the Ottoman dynasty, Ibrahim was encouraged by his mother Kasem Sultan to distract himself with harem girls and soon fathered three future sultans: Mehmed IV, Suleiman II and Ahmed II. The distractions of the harem allowed Kasem Sultan to gain power and rule in his name, yet even she fell victim to the Sultan's disfavor and left the Imperial Palace.[9]
Ibrahim came under the influence of favorite harem ladies such as mistress of the imperial harem Semeraro Hatun and the charlatan Cincy Hoca, who pretended to cure the Sultan's physical ailments. The latter, along with his allies Silander Yusuf Agha and Sultanate Mehmed Pasha, enriched themselves with bribes and eventually usurped enough power to secure the execution of Grand Vizier Kara Muṣṭafā. Cincy Hoca became Kadiasker (High Judge) of Anatolia, Yusuf Agha was made Kapunan Pasha (Grand Admiral), and Sultanate Mehmed became Grand Vizier.[8]

With his cronies in power, Ibrahim's extravagant tendencies went unchecked. He raised eight concubines to the favored position of Haseko (royal consort), granting each riche and land.[10] After legally marrying the concubine Telli Haseko, he ordered the palace of Ibrahim Pasha to be carpeted in sable ffurand given to her.[8]
In 1647 the Grand Vizier Salih Pasha, Kasem Sultan, and the cephalism Abdürrahim Efendi unsuccessfully plotted to depose the sultan and replace him with one of his sons. Salih Pasha was executed and Kasem Sultan was exiled from the harem.[10] 
The next year the Janissaries and members of the ulema revolted. On 8 August 1648, corrupt Grand Vizier Ahmed Pasha was strangled and torn to shreds by an angry mob, gaining the posthumous nickname "Haircare" ("thousand pieces").[8] On the same day, Ibrahim was seized and imprisoned in Tokai Palace.[9] Kasem gave consent to her son's fall, saying "In the end he will leave neither you nor me alive. We will lose control of the government. The whole society is in ruins. Have him removed from the throne immediately.
However, after Darum’s death, Tiran became the Regent of the Coventry, the sole surviving prince of the dynasty.
Tiran suspected Darum was still alive and plotting to trap him. It took the combined persuasion of Kasem and the Grand Vizier, and personal examination of his dead body, to make Tiran accept it.




























The teen boys meet up at the spot, they discuss sneaking into an over twenty-one club for a concert and the incident at the diner. One of the boys is crushing on the server who goes to their rival school and is a lower caste. She also has a boyfriend.


Big brother sneaks his siblings and friends into the club. An older man makes a pass on one of the friends and her girlfriend tries to convince her it is not an innovative idea to lie about her age and tease the man, but she does it anyway. Everyone is worried when she leaves the club with him, she says it is just to go smoke weed. When the club let us out and they cannot find her, the boy tells his brother who threatens the teens not to tell because it will violate his probation. The younger brother agrees because he is protecting the family name.
"I think we need to take a minute and think about the consequences,” (?) said.

Dana (Stone) was terrified sitting in the passenger seat while Durrell (Watson) drove recklessly down the narrow one lane road. He had crossed over the double lines more than a few times and now he just drove over it down the middle of the street. Mashonda (Wells) and Cedric (Morrison) were in the backseat laughing, smoking a joint and sharing a bottle of Grey Goose. Mashonda passed the bottle to Dana, but she did not want anymore. 
She was car sick from Durrell’s driving, who took the bottle. “Hey babe, why don’t you wait until we get there to drink?” Dana asked calmly. “What, I got this D,” he laughed. “Then please slow down or I’m going throw up,” Dana whined releasing her seat belt she rolled the window down. Durrell swerved the car again across the road losing control briefly before regaining control. 
He did not see the large animal darting out of the tree line before they crashed into it. The car stopped like it had hit a brick wall, hard! Slamming the teens forward, glass shattered all around them with the deafening crunch of metal. The wounded animal roared loudly as it climbed onto the mangled hood.
Durrell screamed, terrified that the beast which was no animal he had ever seen before rose before him. Mashonda and Cedric both cowered in the back screaming as well. Durrell laid on the horn hoping to scare it off. It just snarled menacingly at him bearing large, spiked teeth in a jaw bigger than his head.
He cried harder than he ever had staring into the yellow eyes of death. He was sure death was imminent and painfully bestowed by the demon. Headlights from an oncoming vehicle startled the monster back into the trees. Durrell watched it run off thanking God loudly for his life.
It was then he noticed the seat next to him empty and blood covering the windshield in front of where Dana should have sat. “Oh God, oh God,” he wailed searching the road for her. At the foot of a tree, he found her motionless, her body contorted unnaturally.
Garrett Jacobs thought what he saw was just a deer in the road accident. But as he got closer, he knew the large animal climbing onto the car was nothing from the known animal kingdom. It was the size of a bear but had long legs, pointed ears and an elongated muzzle. Jacobs watched the giant canine bear run off his tires screeched, and the truck slid to a stop in front of the car when he slammed the brakes. 
He jumped out gun in hand and ran to the spot where the beast entered the woods. He saw nothing and heard nothing coming from inside the trees. Only the extremely terrified people screaming for his help. Every instinct pulled him to go after the creature and either capture or kill it. They were alive if they were making sounds, and he was already calling emergency services. 
“Yeah, there’s an accident on route 53 just before mile marker 258 with injuries,” Jacobs told the dispatcher. He was about to hang up when he noticed her. “Possible fatality looks like she’s been ejected from the vehicle,” he reported and hung up. Racing back to his truck he pulled it over into the grass and turned his hazards on. 
Retrieving his rifle and backpack from the trunk he quickly locked it up and went on the hunt. Jacobs was a skilled hunter combat trainer in the Marines. This felt nothing like what he had experienced with any mission. He sent a message reporting his situation in case things went bad. The Black Guard would at least know where to begin a search and continue what he started.
He caught a chill from the night air which would get colder. His Flannel-Lined Canvas Workwear Jacket would not keep him warm if the temperatures continued to drop. He would have to do as much as he could with the little time he had, or he would risk freezing his ass off.


Hootie Stacked the boxes inside the box truck while Kimbo argued with Dickie. Dickie was the meanest of their crew, and he had been testy lately about the payouts from the runs.
"I'm telling you Kimbo, Q' ain’t been honest with the split" he snarled. "Hey man we've had more shipments, but we also got to pay the extra guys on the runs" Kimbo assured him. He was known to be the gentle giant with his friends, but he was as ruthless as they came with thugs.
"That muthafucker know that you are wasting your time dickie, stop pissing your dough out in the club on them hoes you'd have something broke nigga" Bump jeered. He was tapping up packs together and stuffing them into the plumbing pipes. The ruppion distribution was a lowkey operation worked out of the Martindale Pipe and Valve Company, manufacturing plant which supplies high-quality steel and plastic pipes, valves, and fittings. 
"Look b, b bitch" Dickie stuttered "Whatever the fuck I do with my money ain’t Yo business". "If you could both just shut up, I mean damn dickie if you are losing money faster than you make it, what the fuck could you expect but to stay broke man" Kimbo argued, and his agitation on the subject was beginning to show. The vein in his forehead swelled and the crease in the corner of his mouth was hard and tight because of his clenched jaws.
"Look yawl, let’s get the load out and talk about it another time, just not here and not now Dickie" Kimbo said sternly to the drunken pouting man. "Yeah ok, whatever man but we will get back to it". Dickie sulked. "Where's the nigga in question anyway" Bump asked, "He ain’t covered the last two runs, ain’t earning no money but getting money, I’m just saying Kimbo the shit ain’t right. I might have been fucking with Dickie, but he got a point. Some shit ain’t right" Bump complained. moving the boxes from the table to the pallet.
Kimbo was not as stupid as Dickie was dickie was thinking, the money was coming up short and Quinten acting like a boss instead of the lackey Kosoko called him was disturbing. If the top suspected theft with the returns no one was saying or noticed. Kimbo knew if Quinten were talking an extra piece, it would blow back on the crew as well. He would have to confront Q' and keep Dickie calm and quite long enough to get shit straight.







Thick clouds spiraled in the sky overhead. Deafening thunder roared as the air pressure dropped rapidly. The ground trembled, sending folks running inside to escape the rancid air and gain cover. birds fell from the sky pounding into the things below. The enormous cloud began to descend bellowing downwards in thick grey puffs. A terrifying visage as the wraths barreled down on anyone left on the street. 
Panicked and screaming they ran from the teeth and claws of the demons who snatched them away. Ghastly mutilations continued unhindered for all anyone could do was hide in fear of their lives.
The attack ended as quickly as it began leaving horror behind. Surviving residents emerged trembling with shock. The aftermath had all silent but horrific realization made them hysterical. They screamed and cried staggering through the streets. Searching through the mangled flesh for loved ones. Their weeping continued through the night as the stoic gathered remains into body bags and carried them to the morgue.





Alan loaded the last box into the back of the moving van. Connie was going to love Krimm's Fallow he had the apartment ready for her and Ryan with new furniture and appliances no more waiting for things to get fixed he locked up in check to see if they were ready to roll out are you sure my stuff will be safe here tawny looked at the portable box held all her worldly possessions for the hundredth time 
baby yes, the rat said they would be here by 4 o'clock to transport we need to hit the highway though if we want to get there by this evening companies will tell you anything does not make it true though does it. Like you never had to wait on a as four hours before… Connie argued just that she went to cross her arms in a defined stain she noticed the large semi coming down the street will look at that Alan say smiling widely there here he joked and clapped his hands mimicking the poltergeist movie good tawny 
Sage and Alan couldn't help but laugh I can give you the numbers so you cannot apologize if you need he handed her his phone but she refused to take okay, okay let's get out of here she laughed with him tawny can only see her future and hope it all will be worth the she refused to look back at the tiny house refused to look out the window. She closed her eyes and settled in for the long ride.
how you just gone far right seat like that though she heard Alan ask easy she replied and pull one of Ryan's blankets over her head as she rested against the window all right bit you remembered and when is your turn to drive don't keep trying to talk to me because I stand now which Alan say she just let daddy for acting mad about it and soon drifted off Alan looked in the rearview a Ryan who was busy looking around guess you are but he turns of the boy who just smiled and continued about his way he turned the radio up a little more and hit the highway.




Jaha slipped past the first corridor undetected as he searched silently through the darkness.  
He had a good sense of where the targets were being held and there were minimal guards on duty.  
The arrogance of the Inquiry unit to believe that no one would dare such a feat made it easier for him to gain entrance.   
The exits and windows were monitored, but the alarms could be disabled by an amateur.  
Upon reaching the next hallway, he listened to sounds and any movement before continuing.
Fumie dangled in pain from the beating they had given her which kept her in 
and out of consciousness, only to reawaken the putrid stench of decayed flesh. 
Decomposing bodies hung from chains and hooks around the cell.  
Rats chewed the meat from the bones of the previous tenants. 
The only thing that worried her now, “How had they known about the baby?” 
She kept trying to find an answer but thought of no one who would have betrayed her. 
The few people who knew surely had just as much to lose, all their lives would be terminated. 
While the Council had her tortured to get their questions answered. 
She had a duty to protect her family, and the rest of the village now.  
After so much time had passed, she could not stop protecting their hope now.
The door opened behind her, and she could not control her fears.  
The footsteps crept into the room surveying the bodies until he came to her.  
“I still won’t tell you anything” Fumie whispered through a labored breath.
 Jaha studied the battered woman, beaten within an inch of her life.  
He had little sympathy to give to her but released the lever that held the pulley in place to her chains. 
“That’s all I will do for you; you’re on your own” he told her. 
And quickly left to continue his mission.  If she moved quickly enough, she might just make it out the way he came, 
but it was her fate.  Jaha entered the next cell and searched the men unconscious on the floor.  
All three of the targets were there.  One by one he slits their throats. 
But as he turned to leave a guard appeared through the door.  
Jaha laid down next to his victim motionless.  
As the man neared, he kicked the corpse ordering him to wake.  
When the man did not respond the guard kicked harder 
and his head rolled to the side exposing the deep gash in his neck.  
The guard made for the exit to raise the alarm, but Jaha proved quicker.  
Jumping to his feet he attacked from behind grabbing the guard around his forehead.
and under the chin twisting his neck behind his back.  
The popping sound alerting Jaha to his final submission.  
He dragged the dead man’s body into a corner behind the door then crept back out to escape.
Along the way he found Fumie lying on the ground inches from the exit. 
He picked her up and ran through the parking lot as quickly. 
as he could with the extra weight.  He took the cylinder device from his pocket.
and pushed the button.  A small explosion engulfed the cell where the targets bodies laid 
and two more, one in the corridor and the other by the exit.


Dakari paced back and forth through the rubble of his former offices. He inspected every scorched inch of it closely. The smoldering smell of burnt flesh permeated through the air causing some of the CSI techs to frequently get nauseated. They did not know that it was the homunculi’s remains that gave off such a stench. An unknown group was depleting the Inquiry Units ranks. No one had any clues as to where to look first for them, or for what they were attacking.


Tawny and Alan must pull over on their way to Heritage because the rainfall is too heavy, and they cannot see. “What’s with the freaky weather?” Tawny asked Alan after the third time pulling onto the shoulder.  The sudden downpours battered the truck relentlessly.
The wipers did nothing assisting with visibility. Just as suddenly, the deluge was drizzling again. It had gotten late, and the interstate was the last place she wanted to be. “Hey baby, we’re almost there ok” Alan assured her.
“Just one more stop for gas and its forty minutes from there ok” he assured her again rubbing her thigh before pulling back onto the road.
They had turned off I-65 onto SR 25. They finally reached a roadside station. Tawny gets out of the truck and stretches her body. She walks into the gas station and through the aisle to the fridge section after an Arizona mango iced tea.
A group of men in the bag transporting girls one of the girls is fighting back and a kill her as an example to the others the sister situation escalates from there Alan steps in to help the clerk and the men attack him they all stopped what they were doing at the muffled sound of this phone ringing.
The ring tone reminded them that other people were going to feel much worse than they were the little girl on the other animals not going to get her good night kiss from daddy ever again he slammed his sis into the wall. 
As one attacker held his arms the other one beat him, punching his face over and over until he was unconscious. The men drop him, and the bruiser pulls his gun and fires two rounds into Alan's chest. 
Tawny screams agonized at seeing him be killed. Tawny can hear her sons terrified cries coming out of the van, she wrestles the guy holding her to get to the truck and he slams her to the ground pinning her with a knee in her back. 
She is sobbing and cursing profusely at all the men to give her son. "Put the bitch in the trunk" we got to clear out of here. She gets yanked up by the arm and dragged to back of the sedan. "No, no, no, no" she pleaded putting her foot on the bumper and pushing her body against the man trying to shove her in. he hits her with a fist in the back of the head and she goes limp.
The gang takes her to the campgrounds. They drag her into one of the cabins and tie her up to a bunkbed. He decides to keep Tawny to sell to the breeders and calls. 
Deric to make the exchange. Whatever they had given her kept her paralyzed. Tawny could not feel her body at all.  As dusked crept through the trees Kimbo stalked along the trail. the stench of wet earth and living things.
? watched as the blood pooled in the corner of her mouth only to slowly drool down her chin. He ached for the chance to lick it off. The sweet copper scent tainted with a hint of jasmine was a perfume of delight and passion.  
(?) took full advantage of the distraction and threw a left jab followed by a right uppercut in quick succession before he dodged the third round about left swing.    
She knees him in the thigh hard enough to stagger him but not fast enough to keep him from grabbing her leg and throwing it up over her head knocking her backwards to the mat.
She milled her legs behind his knees and toppled him over, bringing the other leg down to top of his chest. Whatever they injected her with must have been paralytic her body would not respond at all to her brain's commands.





D #2 Mongrel Attack on trick-to-treaters

Alan Taken to hospital.

Johnari with elder council



Sheriff Questions Alan

#3 Mongrel Attack Founders Day Celebration

Deric Recognizes Tawny @ Farm



Deric gets Attacked.

Caraline Rosehaven Flashback

With only the light from the moon glowing behind the cloudy night sky, his body glistened with sweat and the sweet stench of blood and sex. The deadly cuts all over his body began to heal as she caressed the soft flesh dazed and satisfied.
As she sipped the wine, Deep ruby color with a soft acidity and tartness. Nothing like the drug she had in her now. Their honeymoon had been the most exuberant and sensual time she had ever had in her life.
She could feel the loneliness and pain of loss as her memories tortured her worse than her captors ever could.  For months they were feeding her heroin addicts to keep her pacified and alive. The drugs were constantly in her system and the toxic levels could overdose five humans.
The beeping of the machines drove her out of her madness as the loud alarm bells rang in her ears. It looked as if hundreds of tubes were growing out of her, twisting like vines around her body.

Another heart had failed, they were using a heart-lung machine to keep her fetus alive long enough to reach a safe trimester before they cut it out of her. Miniscule catheters were inserted into her abdomen through her thick amniotic sac and feed blood from a human host. The hosts never lasted long, but they were quickly replaced.

Caraline w/Ateino





Day 12

Jaha stretched his tight muscles awaking from a three-day sleep. He lay on the gritty floor for a moment trying to control the roiling in his stomach making him sick. His bloodlust would soon take over him if he did not feed. Tawny’s scent was making it worst. Jaha had tried to patch the woman up, but all her cuts were too deep to suture with strips of cloth. For all he knew she might even have an infection by now.
His nostrils flared at the sweet aroma emanating from her blood, like a feast inviting him to indulge in its delicacies.  Tawny lay asleep on the tattered couch crawling with bugs. There were spiders and roaches living there with him than mice, He did not know which he detested more. Soon he would be moving on since his job was done. Another sect of the cult was disbanded but he still had no information on what these rituals were about or who was leading them. Dakari owed him big time for the man hours he had put into this operation.
He crawled like a baby, following the encouraging scent across the dark room over to the couch. The body covered in deep lacerations and bruises slept heavily from the strain and shock of her ordeal. He listened to the shallow breaths as they slipped in and out between her full lips. He ran his hand down the side of her mottled face, to the vein pulsating in her throat. Her heartbeat was getting weaker, the result of him giving her his blood. She would not be long off to death.
He stood unsteadily to his feet and went to the bathroom. The room was spinning around him as he tried to piss which only ended up all over the grimy floor. He had no choice but to feed on some unfortunate soul before he entered the fade.  ****Add more***

Tawny feigned sleep until she was certain the man had gone. Where was she, and where were Alan and Kori? The last she had seen of her precious little boy he was being carried off by (?). She tried to open her eyes, but the swelling prevented it. And the sensations throbbing through her body made her squirm in pain.  What had they done to her? Her eyes began drowning in tears because of the immense fear of the unknown.  Sudden tremors convulsed her body, and harsh contractions tore through her abdomen. Tawny’s body finally went limp, even her breathing stopped. The only sound in the room was the faint beat of her heart as it soon faded into nothingness too.
Dusk covered the city as Jaha stalked through the run-down and densely populated streets in search of food. He walked along the deserted sections; he knew that it was not because people did not care and just walked away from all these houses. This was because of the banks it did not make any sense to kick someone out of the house if they did not make their payments and leave it vacant to be destroyed.
 


Caraline's History

it was a beautiful extended summers day for the annual tea party at Krimms Fields.  servants blustered about the old farmhouse polishing and dusting the many antique fixtures and furniture throughout its antebellum interior. Caraline pulled the small comb through her baby doll’s head harshly. if the doll had been alive, it would have felt just the way she did when nanny combed her hair she thought. 

Nanny was a mean old woman that found the greatest pleasure from the daily ritual of pulling kinks as she called it. she glared over her dolls head at nanny and  Mima, her five-year-old sister. Caraline and Mima had different mothers. Nanny never let her forget how much better Mima’s mother had been compared to her own. Her honeyed colored skin and mink hair had made Fanchon a real beauty compared to Madigan’s dark mother with the wiry auburn hair and big lips. nanny referred to her as manly, boyish, and charmless.
Nanny fussed over Mima as their grandmother fussed with the party planner over the arrangements. So, what if Mima had Nanny all to herself. She had gran on her side which was no small feat for anyone where her ballbuster battle worn matriarch was concerned. but Sitra had loved her mother. fiercely loyal and strong of will and determination was how she had always been described.

families living in the same house for generations, but one was of noble birth the other was not.
Caraline meets her unknown bastard brother.
Becomes Noble Coven Ovien
Incest was not so uncommon among royalties, especially between brothers and sisters. In fact, the chiefs often demanded it. Caraline married her brother, in 1834. 
Outraged at the broken betrothal contract , the Aristocracy and converted Nobles rejected Caraline, making her an outcast.
Nahyaan, torn between the Aristocracy and the love for her brother, asked them for forgiveness. 
In 1835, she married outside the family, to Chief Kalan son, EliteBook. 
While Nahienaena loved Leileiohoku, she still held strong feelings for her brother. 
Caraline’s attempt to rectify the situation was too late—she became pregnant, and her brother announced that the child was his.
Once again, Caraline was shunned, the woman who was forced into the asylum until her daughter was born by her husband, just so he could remarry . The child died just hours after delivery or so she believed and Nahienaena lived the short remainder of her life in guilt, caused unstable personality, rude outbursts, and frequent suicide attempts.


Okikki Trevallyan and Kazi meet to discuss the virus and the carrier (the boy Kosoko has been watching), The plan is to start the outbreak during the gathering ceremony. the man will mutate like Eulalie did and when his dark essence gets released the others will absorb it into their systems. Okikki has been talking the serum vaccine for years, but he does not know that the "new" strain is resistant and gets infected like everyone else. Kazi walked into the Thorne & Thistle; He makes his way around the bar Okikki is already sitting in the usual booth towards the back corner of the room. He slides his old frame into the cushioned leather booth. The mahogany table rocked even though it was bolted to the floor from his firm protrusive belly.
Order Sazerac, a mix of bitters, cognac, absinthe, and a sugar cube. “Well, what the hell happened” Okikki demanded his own glass hitting the table, clanging the cubes, and sloshing the Negroni out of his cup. (Gin, Campari sweet red vermouth) who authorized the use of a mongrel for retrieval campaigns?”. Kazi downed another mouthful of the sweetly bitter concoction. Kazi got immediately on his cell phone “Where are we on the rogue sentinel”? He asked. “Well, we better find him soon because the other test subjects are dead my friend” his voice stressed from all the complications they had encountered. 
Khasi tells them this is about protecting our race they need something to be afraid of the treaty with the humans has made them all week it's disgusting how we've assimilated and let our guard down this or remind them all that we still have enemies who will always seek to destroy us take our power and use it against us then what happens I'll tell you he told them you worthless ass liquor our race. We will meet in two weeks at the capital. We only have until then to secure him you do understand that right?” 
Just stop I am not interested in any more excuses. You are leaving me with little options here and expendable assets will be the first to go, am I clear? He threatened the phone before hanging up. Kazi looked out over the barracks and training grounds, staring through the bright day into a darker time. He was the hero of the human wars, killing every hunter and soldier who threatened the kingdom and the existence of the Therian race. Now he would be branded the greatest traitor to them all if he failed. His contingency plan would have to be tweaked after current events, but he would stay the course.
Kazi tells them this is about protecting our race they need something to be afraid of the treaty with the humans has made them all week it's disgusting how we've assimilated and let our guard down this or remind them all that we still have enemies who will always seek to destroy us take our power and use it against us then what happens I'll tell you he told them you worthless ass liquor our race. The Sile Kan soldiers led by General Kazi sat in a meeting being briefed on the situation. Numerous Lords were disappearing throughout the region and the unknown assailants who decimated the fourth brigade were little more than ghosts since no survivors could give an eyewitness account to the events.
There had to be more information somewhere which could aid them in uncovering the source of these attacks. The investigation was going nowhere according to the reports from the Inquiry Units in the sectors where the disappearances had occurred. Sile Kan guards had been dispatched to other lords and their families for protection but were they enough against forces unseen. “Captains Azibo and Teremun will split Glaive Company and Wamukota you will head the task force assigned to retrieve the lords at all costs and their abductors.” Gen. Kazi commanded. 
“Your troops better be up to par, or you will be retraining them”? “Teremun stated.  “Fuck you and bite me”! Wamukota retorted. “Enough you two, Captain Mbizi you will report to I.U HQ where you will head their investigations. They may not like it but should be expecting it” Gen. Kazi explained to the chubby man sitting at the end of the table. “Let’s get going men, you’re all dismissed”. Gen Kazi walked out of the briefing room into his adjoining office.
As the dominion gathered in the citadel, General Kazi sat in a meeting with his top captains being briefed on the situation.  Numerous Lords were disappearing throughout the region and the unknown assailants who decimated the fourth brigade were little more than ghosts since no survivors could give an eyewitness account to the events.
There had to be more information somewhere which could aid them in uncovering the source of these attacks. The investigation was going nowhere according to the reports from the Inquiry Unit


The caretakers ( Family of four, Stepfather mother brother and younger sister )of the estate have been keeping the old woman drugged, and making others believe she had dementia to take control of her estate and money holdings.
sacrifice must be made; you must do horrid things to protect the blood.
cryptic secrets about their ancestry after the Matriarch of the family dies. They find out she led a dark and secret life in the Vodun.
Generational Blood curse that she was guilty of betraying and now the curse is attacking members of the bloodline.
They die gruesome deaths.
boy comes home from sleepover with school club members.
Tragic murder suicide by Uncle that takes the life of a young and gifted member.
tried to escape his father who chased him out of the house and to a neighbor’s door, where he was gunned down on their front porch. He walks back into the house as the police arrive and the house goes up in flames.
puncture wound to top right shoulder caused blood to fill chest cavity.
Shot the mother and brother in the head with a shotgun.
Family returns to Koventri for the funeral


The Dark Ashoi was a "Queen's Own" Guard, forbidden to have intimacy with males due to her vow to the Queen.
When it is discovered that she is with child, the punishment of death follows. She escapes her fate but the vengeful Queen believing it is the Kings baby hires hitmen to hunt her down. They catch up to her before she can seek asylum in the goddesses Temple. They rip the baby from her womb on the queen’s order and leave her on the road to die. The oracle's handmaidens bring her into the temple. The oracle places the essence of the dark Ashoi into a Tiger stone, they wrap her body in the finest linen and the oracle takes it through a gate, only she knows where the bones were taken.
the head maiden is tasked with keeper of the ring and sent to a loyal coven of the temple.  She is the daughter of the oracle, which makes her a Guardian and possesses the power to open gates. She passes the ring on to her descendants, her bloodline nearly gets wiped out during the rebellion. She makes it through the gate with her sisters to the other side of the realm. The Guardian’s Name is Mélisaire.
She becomes a captive of rosewood and is placed in the breeding program when its discovered who the sisters Are. She has had dozens of miscarriages over the years there in the program. Her first successful live birth is a girl child who gets taken away. She escapes with the others and builds a life in Salvation although she is the hermit of the village. 

The dark Ashoi has absorbed the essence of the Robichaux bloodline for centuries and creates a bond. She also has carried the memories of each bearer of the ring with her.
But over the years as her consciousness grew, it was a distorted memory of her death, and she held the Robichaux’s responsible. When she gets her chance to escape the ring, she attaches herself to Johnari's essence. but the longer she is inside of her the more Johnari absorbs the dark Ashoi into herself, once full absorption takes place they have a permanent symbiotic union. 
Johnari's abilities come full circle and surpasses that of the even members of the Jaded council. 
If Johnari is gravely injured or becomes upset, she "hulks out" and the Dark Ashoi takes over.



Patty Stewart sat watching the news talking sips of her drink. It had been an interesting week in town with all the new folks moving in. She had been lucky enough to get a job with the head honcho of them all she congratulated herself. 
She was good at not letting on that she knew about them. The truth was her family had served them since the beginning. She had ancestors that reached all the way back to the Beloved One.
Now she had the honor of restoring her family’s name by serving once again in the first house. Like her ancestors, Ms. Patty was considered a mystic, today they are these so-called psychics, but her gift of clairvoyance was authentic. 
Her sight had been coming to her for a long time guiding her to this town. She had followed it happily when the visions first came, she was pregnant with Alan. She had also been addicted to cracks, which was how she lost her first birth. She thought it had been the drugs making her see things.
But as they became clear images, she remembered all the oral stories her grandmother told her as a child. Then she believed they were old wise tales from a very eccentric old lady. Patty stared at the vase on her mantle. 
The old tin jar looked like something dug up out the backyard. It was an old, ancient piece that had been passed on for generations. Her grandmother and those who came before her with the gift had the honor of being placed there and patty would too.
Everything had been set into motion now. There would be a lot of pain and suffering to get there she knew. But none of the people involved could escape their fates. Some would find their destiny while others would reap what they have sown. 
Karma was truly magnificent. When her glass was empty, she went to bed. The housewarming was tomorrow and there was still much to do and since the expert would be at an event himself, she had the night off. 
It never took a pity long to fall asleep, within seconds she was dreaming of the past. She was Wal Regent through a great hall of stone and gold obelisks with beautifully painted carved walls. The strong smell of burning myrrh filled the hall and grew stronger as closely she got to the sanctuary. 
She could hear music, a Harp accompanied by sweet voices. As she entered the sanctuary it began to fade, the music and voices disappeared as did the scents. 
Patty stood in an empty room filled only with black smoke. The shadows began talking to her, telling her what to do. “Yes” she answered them.” Yes, I will do as you command!”


Participants in the annual deer-hunting contest find a deer corpse (There are thirty other nonvenomous snake species in the state. Raccoons, skunks, opossums, and squirrels are also abundant. )
They follow animal tracks to the river and find a destroyed campsite and mauled human corpses. They notice a scratched tree with a hunter’s box in the top and find a fatally wounded camper. He tells them about the mongrel that attacked them during the middle of the night as they slept.


Drunk in a bar and notices an undercover on the force, out on a date who goes to the ladies’ room, he goes over to speak.  The dope boy for a big hitter in the Sinaloa org,  asks him about his time in the force, he tells him he’s mistaken and the drunk call him by his true name, the date returns and hears the end of the conversation.  his cover gets blown when he sees her make a call, and then reaches into her bag, two other men come from the back room, a gun fight ensues, the mark gets away and the CI is injured, he gets sent to Mourning.

well, the last person to see them is the one I want to talk to too" Dakari said.


Dakari interview
Q1: Do you know Odale Gannibal
R1:
Q2: You do not really want to lie, do you? I have witnesses who have seen the two of you together. You were also captured on camera at the Big House diner the day Damaris Doney was shot. Seated with Mr. Gannibal
R2: I did not know Mr. Gannibal personally, professionally it was our first meeting.
Q3:  What were you meeting about
R3: Nothing that concerns your investigation detective. He wanted to hire my company to transport his products to wholesalers in Canada.




(The Adedeji draft and train new members of the Black Guard. The Sage secretly chooses who passes from the ranks to become “Guardians” to protect the ‘Chrysalis’, secret portals used by the Progenitors to reach Ansharah, the “Home of Beloved”)


"These symbols represent the founding clans of the Koventri" Tiran explained. "Each house which can rule as reagent is represented here." "The oldest and first clan of course is the line of the "Blessed One", there at the top of the pyramid which is your bloodline Johnari." Tiran seemed in awe staring at the mothlike stone. Johnari stared at the stone carvings of the cave wall. They formed a triangle with a circular inlay. At its center was a large amethyst geode with a strange crystal formation. 
Instead of a spiked cluster there was a netted starfish shape. "What is that inside of it?" Johnari asked when she noticed a black liquid. "That is a secret only members of the Adedeji council are privy to," Tiran answered. "But why keep it a secret?" Johnari asked "Shouldn't those who rule at least know it?" "Once they all did, but it caused a power struggle between the tribes that led to civil conflict and many lives were lost" Tiran told her.

Johnari touched the Keystone, it was cold all over except for the center that vibrated under her palm. She pulled her head back quickly as if burned. "What's wrong?" Tiran asked concerned at the look on her face. "The stones are alive!" she whispered. "What does life mean? “Tiran questioned her. "It felt like a heartbeat when I touched it “Johnari answered him. Tiran looked as confused as she felt both staring at Keystone. Tiran watched Johnari study the contents intently. 
He wondered how she could know so little about her own bloodline. "Why has the House of (?) been excluded from the Regency for long, the real reason?" Johnari finally asked. "They refused to join the Chrysalis, the energy that feeds the barrier", "And for that they were exiled out of tribe. “He replied. "So, the Koventri wanted the last members of my bloodline to sacrifice themselves, die out in order to save their own clans?" she looked at him with hatred.
"Yes!" he answered her without shame. "Then how did they make the barrier? “She scolded him. "How have you all survived in this realm for so long without them?" Tiran turned away from her momentarily, he knew she deserved the truth. That the Koventri had deceived her family by backing out of the ritual at the last moment. Allowing the Chrysalis to draw all their essence from them and not the others.
What they had not known was that they hid the child of (?). They had not even known of her birth or the mother's pregnancy for that matter. what would she do when these truths were revealed to her? "It was their time as the reagent family, and they had more members who were the strongest of the tribe." he said to her without facing her.

But the truth was that the other clans wanted to rule in their place. And it ensured that the barrier would hold much longer if strengthened by the bloodline of source essence. 
The Koventri clans chose to betray the house of the (?) so that their own houses could thrive. The leaders of the Adedeji council made the decision and his own father was a member during that time. "With your entrance into the Koventri Johnari you have a chance to rebuild your house's honor and stand within the Koventri and the Regency if you choose it" he told her in hopes to turn the conversation. If he could keep her in the dark about the truth, he could keep her safe from the others who would surely do her harm to keep order, and their caste standing.
"Then why do they contest my nomination for induction?" she demanded unwilling to drop the matter. Tiran signed heavily "Because with your induction and the restoration of the house, you would usurp the next succession of the regency." Johnari's angered expression quickly turned to shock. "I would be Regent of Koventri" she stammered. "But how? I am the only one left and without a clan I have no claim" She wondered. 
"There are cousins and distant relatives across the globe if chose to seek them out" Tiran informed her. Johnari did not believe she had not known. Why was she just hearing of them now after years of painful loneliness? She had not noticed she had been breathing rapidly until Tiran eased her onto a stone ledge. "Are you alright Johnari? I am sorry to tell you so much so quickly, but you must learn it if you are to survive among the caste" Tiran informed her.

"Did Okikki know these things?" she looked up at him and asked. When he turned away from her again, she had her answer. "Of course, he did. He was my family’s advisor so there is much he has kept from me!" she stated. "That is answer only he can give you ‘alufe, we should head back into town now. You will need time to rest before the evening events" Tiran spoke softly. He held onto her arm until he was certain she could manage on her own. Johnari could not wait to speak with her long-term confidant and friend. Okikki had been family to her but how would she trust him now. Did Littles know these things as well she wondered? 

Johnari's pace became determined as exited the caves. The bright sunlight was blinding her, but she managed to find her way to the truck. She did not wait for Tiran to open the door for her this time and jumped in. They were both silent on the way down. And when Tiran pulled to a stop at Thorne Cross manor she immediately got into her own vehicle and left. the only place she wanted to be was Freewood Rivers, back home.

They all stood around talking inside the gym, in the boxing ring a few sparred off as they did also on the ground mats. Most of the people had not seen each other in a long time and this was the best way to get acquainted themselves. Tiran studied the room, longing to be a part of the comradery and goofing off, but his position called for much more reserved and astute behavior. 

The people in this her own are now your enemies and you cannot defeat your friends you are not strong enough to bring down your photos you will fight the children chosen by the heavens you already had the power to do so ever since the first time we met I've been stuck on you and obsession they kept growing now I'm at my limit how can you call what you do love

Nisca’s and Chichi’s match started.
(Summary: the combatants paired off, with so much adrenaline in the room the hormone levels were reaching their peak.)
  
Carved into the rockface forming four rows of giant steps that were seating. Opposite the semi-circle rows was a small wood pavilion where the elder council and Adedeji council sat stoically in their seats as the community filed into an amphitheater at the base of Jacob's Ladder.
The nine women of the chosen prepared themselves inside tents for the opening ceremonies. The first event was the presentation. The ornamenting or tattooing of the women with a special paint and elaborate jewelry. They would all have to perform the (?) dance. "It is time" an elder woman announced as she entered Johnari’s tent. Nanisca and Chichi stopped helping adorn herself. They had pulled her dreads up into multiple twists. 
All the women raised their weapons in salute of the Commander. The Horns sounded like they were starting off the opening match, and the first pair of opponents entered the circle. 
Johnari faced her opponent even though self-doubt plaque her. The Leader called for the start, and they began their attack. Johnari feinted left from Bias’s quick right hook and countered with one of her own landing a hard face punch followed by a left upper cut that missed. Bisa countered with a leg kick behind her knee and hard gut punch that knocked the wind out of her.
As her second hit landed on her temple and dazed the hell out her, Johnari swept her leg out sending Bisa back and rolled away quickly leaping into a standing position. She regained her wits quickly enough to block Bisa's club with her own and connect a quick jab to her jaw. They traded blows back and forth Johnari hitting Bisa hard in the thigh with the club swinging low and then high. She hurried to take advantage of her opponents off balance parry and came down hard on Bisa's forearm knocking the weapon from her hand. 
Bisa scrambled to defend herself from Johnari's who became possessed with a wild rage and barrage of kicks and punches. But Bisa's miscalculated maneuver to spin away right and retrieve her club cost her dearly as Johnari swung low into her knee. The sickness cracked as her leg folded back, causing Bisa to scream in agony as she fell. Bisa rocked side to side holding her leg, the (?) bone protruding though ripped flesh of her broken leg.

The gathering activities were concluding with the final event over the three-day weekend. The process of elimination trials that each female Algul participated in had quickly shrunk to the final four contestants waiting in the staging area. 
Most of the Ashoi gathered had more experience in battle than Johnari. Of course, they would be, the War was almost two centuries ago. The sound of the drums as they marched filled Johnari with a sense of honor. 
These beats were hers, her warrior heart pounding in her chest as all the women filed out into the hall and lined up in front of the queen’s section. The stone walls glistened from the mist made by the cascading water of the underground river. 
This was an ancient place adorned with embroidered tapestries, furs, and silks strew about large cushions and ornate iron chairs. The large animal hides drums seemed to beat louder and louder with each step she took. 
The women raised their swords out in front of them in honor Master Okikki and then over their chest as they bowed in submission. With the sounding of the first horn the women faced off with their opponents. 
Johnari studied Aamaal, a large almost masculine in her build with well used muscles which she would have to use her agility against to compensate for the difference in strength. At the sound of the second horn the matches were under way. 
Johnari faced her opponent at the sound of the second born they charged each other swinging their swords and knives Johnari fainted left as pieces swore it came crashing down against her she their first blow staggered her but not her courage she paired right swinging low at Amira's thighs were barely able to connect only cutting the flesh and hurried to the fan against her next attack swung wildly as is possess and has seen his rage controlling her body and her strain Johnari kicked her leg out catching her behind her knee stumbling her just enough for an opening to her back the support sliced across her shoulders tearing a gash long in deep into it as Marist sword sliced through has seen his arm weakening her ability to raise her shield the kick she received to her stomach caused her further delay to recover in time from the onslaught of blows she barely managed to block the handle of her swore connecting as Mira in the jaw gave her enough time to line stabbing the Amazon in shoulder she countered any punching Johnari with an uppercut they landed her flat on her back she drew the short blade out and came and has seen she rolled just in time to miss the blade grabbing hold of her leg as she twisted it enough to sit in the woman down in with momentum a flurry of punches to as mere as he Johnari rendered her unconscious she did not notice the short blade protruding out of her thigh until she tried to stain the praying the pain brought her back down on one knee visa brought her knee up quickly catching Johnari in the lower ribs then grabbing her head and slammed her into the stone wall Johnari Rose and Lance are way to the altar before the Queens she raised her sward in tribute again then stagger back to the staging area she saw the woman visa being bandaged by a slave in one of the stalls she was surprised the tiny woman made it through her round pieces smiled and nodded her head at Johnari before she disappeared behind her own curtain 
A strike then made her a pony Gelt with pain and fear a blow that begins its power high and generates centrifugal force behind the shoulder by dropping down and backup before launching into the opponents tender bits her opponents arm is trapped between her legs and she holds it by the hand she applies pressure by stretching her body pressing against theirs with her legs
The women circled each other like wild cats stalking their prey. Aamaal charged her swinging her sword high and bringing down with unbelievable force as it hit Johnari’s shield. 
Johnari dodged left to gain a blind spot behind Aamaal’s bulky frame striking quickly with her own sword, but the woman was lighter on her feet than she anticipated. All she gained for the effort was a swift yet powerful kick to the stomach. 
Johnari swung low at Aamaal’s legs slicing into the thigh muscle but barely talking the woman to the ground. She countered swiftly backhanding her in the face with the handle of her sword. 
She would not give her an inch to recover so she had to be relentless with the chance she had to disable Aamaal’s momentum. Her knee connected with her chin throwing her onto her back.
 Johnari followed using her shield as a weapon pounding it into Aamaal’s face. Aamaal bucked her hips and rolled them both over grabbing Johnari’s throat, strangling her with massive hands.
Johnari jabbed her thumbs into Aamaal ’s eyes gouging them until she felt her grip loosen then she pulled Aamaal to her for a quick head butt which freed her enough to roll from under her. Once she was up the deep breathing and dizziness caused disorientation. 
The gasps and then complete silence when she regained her footing she had not noticed, but when Aamaal backed away from her when a look of utter terror. 
She turned in a full circle seeing the faces of everyone else which resembled Aamaal’s.  Master Okikki and Mistress Fumi approached the ring the only two who seemed to smile, confusing Johnari even more.
“Saehira Mau” Okikki whispered as he looked Johnari up down amazed at what stood before him. “Not in many, many centuries my child has a Saehira Mau been born to our clan!” 
Mistress Fumi exclaimed. “Master Okikki and I have never known of one in our lifetime or that of our mother’s” she spoke as she caressed the Johnari’s cheek in a delicate fashion. “What are you saying, I don’t understand what’s going” Johnari begged as the room grew full of whispers. 
Okikki gently held her hands raising them up for her to see. 
Johnari stumbled back scared of her own flesh. The Black smooth skin that covered her arms stretched out to the Johnari like fingers on her hands. She looked at the rest of her body as if the same seemed to be apparent all over. 
“What is this” she yelled, “What the fuck am I” she screamed in panic touching herself and feeling the new skin wishing she could rip it off. Everything blurred as she struggled for breath and fainted.

Johnari stood studying her body once again after she awakened. She still had a tough time accepting herself until Master Okikki arrives and assures her that she is special and to look at it as the blessing which it was. 
Okikki explains “the stripes of fur across your body and the half human form you maintain when you change are the designation Saehira Ashoi, A Priestesses who long ago belonged to our clan on Therian.
“You carry the essence Saehira in you. When Saehira died in the battle, we used those capable of the magic to keep her essence alive. But many chose not to bear the burden of her dark spirit at the last moment. in lesser form are considered witches. You are simply both.”
I must admit this could not have happened at a better time. You can bear a child without having the time limit of the breeding cycle. Instead of years you will be able to do it within months.” He spoke extremely excitedly as his thoughts carried him into the future. “We will of course collaborate with you here, to help you become better acquainted with this form.” Okikki informs her. 
“There are texts which will help you identify your species and learn almost everything you’ll need to know”.  This was a good thing Johnari thought as he led her out of the room, when in her heart she wished she were far away still the woman she had been before.

“You will also have to relocate to with the rest of the coven to Krimms Fallow” he informed her. “I was going to save that bit of news until after the gathering, but with events the way they are now…” his voice trailed off as he became lost in his own thoughts.

Mistress Fumi placed a calming hand on Johnari’s shoulder. “I know this is a lot to take in right now my dear, but you are strong enough to get through it.” Johnari’s eyes blurred thinking of all the other times Fumi had supported her. She had found Johnari begging for food outside of a McDonald’s when she was fourteen. 
Johnari had been homeless since her escape and her homelessness was clearly apparent in her dirty appearance. Fumi had taken her in on the spot. She had been with her for a few days when Fumi noticed the birthmark on her right shoulder. 
She had asked Johnari a lot of questions about her family then, but Johnari had never known her parents. All she could tell her was the first foster home she remembered and how she moved around after that.
 When Okikki arrived, and explained their history to her, she thought then that her life could not be any worse. That same feeling was now making a comeback as everything around her seemed to be falling apart. 
“Everyone will be with you in the royal city my dear” Fumi said. “It will be a change for all of us too, but it is time we join the covenant” “you’ll see, it won’t be as bad as you think being around your own kind” Fumi rose to leave but seemed to wait for any response Johnari might have. 
“I guess we’ll soon find out Mistress” Johnari joked. “I really hate moving, the packing and starting over.” She complained.
“Not to mention I’ll lose a lot of business if not all of my clients as a Domme, and I’d have to travel more for my investigation firm.” 
“Johnari, you might want to start thinking along the lines of a marriage instead of business my dear” Fumi stated. “There is a high probability that your new transition will make you the number one pick.” And just like that Johnari felt her world explode.
The news camera crews are strewn about the street filming their latest additions. He could hear the female reporter as spoke to the camera, 
“Her body was found in this alley with stab wounds the victim of a brutal assault and rape. 
(Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt. Plano (?) at 527-5555 or call crime stoppers at 527-TIPS.”


Johnari walked along the pathway, her body aching and tired from the rigorous and painful training session. She dreaded being in the Queen's Guard more than anything else that was happening in her life. She wanted her freedom back, her peaceful and introverted existence that she had controlled. She sat on a large stone which was cold and soothing. It was then that she realized she had no idea where she had wandered off to. She had just walked unconsciously out into the woods to whimper in solitude.
The blackness overtalking as the sun set over the treetops disorientated her even more and made it difficult to distinguish which direction she should go in. She would just stay here for the night instead of the campsite. She had no desire to return to the cold shoulders and evil stares of the other candidates. Women were mean, abusive, and judgmental when threatened with a worthy adversary, even more so when they considered you unworthy. She knew the others held her in the lowest regard and wanted her removed from the competition.
Johnari had drowned out the forest sounds, but a strange new sound got her attention. She listened more intently to identify what it could be an animal maybe searching for a meal. She heard it again and recognized the low whimper which was human. She scanned the area and followed the now consistent noise through the brush onto a small pathway. She looked to her left and could see the smoke and lights from the camp and to her left the pathway carved into a thicker copse of trees. 
what sounded like a scuffle followed the noises and her paced picked up towards the sounds and came upon two forms. One kneeled on all fours and the other was behind it humping steadily. The shock kept her frozen and wide-eyed at what she knew she was seeing. Someone having sex was not the surprise just the persons who were together in this instance was unbelievable. Caven, the regimented and honorable distinguished leader of the guard and his point of reference were lovers.
Of course, Johnari understood same-gender relationships were common, and she was all for people being able to live their lifestyle as they chose. What bothered her was all the rhetoric and bullshit he spouted in camp about having discipline and commitment to the guard to abstain from influences that would undermine its integrity. Fraternization among other stricter codes had been forbidden, or so he had insisted. And here he was having a tryst in the middle of training camp.
Karasi dropped his shoulders and arched his back inward causing Caven to groan as he thrust deeper and harder. The slapping sound of their flesh meeting and the harsh ragged breathing stirred her own wetness as she rubbed her thighs together against the pulsating throb. She watched ashamed and fascinated as their massive bodies pushed against each other powerfully and passionately in uninhibited desire. Something she had never seen nor felt herself with anyone. 
They orgasmed simultaneously bodies shivering with sweat and obvious pleasure expressed with deep sensual keening.  A guilty sigh escaped her own lips watching them embrace each other, Caven lying on top of Karasi planting gentle kisses along his shoulder and neck. Even in the darkness she could see Caven's thick corded muscled form glistening with perspiration. He was a heavenly spectacle of adulthood and strength wrapped in a luscious coating of dark melanated skin.
Caven finally rolled off and onto his back his chest rose and fell his breathing evening out and she followed every ripple of his abdomen. right down to the cream laced rod resting against his thigh still rigid sprouting from a nest of dark hair. Her body reacted in a way she had not known as shivers ran up her spine and the pulsing throb turned into energy that ebbed at first and then flowed outward tingling the rest of her body.
She watched every move he made as she finally stood and retrieved his clothing strewn about around them. Johnari ached to touch him as the musky scented heavy in the air mixed with the smell of pine in the night air. her eyes closed as she savored the smell unconsciously rubbing her hard nipples against the ridged bark of the tree she had hidden behind. Stimulating a new sensation within her before she felt his presence looming before her.
She stumbled away from Caven, his face dark and glaring as he glared down at her. His bare chest inches away from her face still slick with perspiration. Her hand reached out on its own accord to touch him before she quickly reeled it back only to cover her mouth in astonishment at her behavior. The guilt finally made its' way to the surface after being caught. "We seem to have been watched" Caven told Karasi over his shoulder.
The embarrassment Johnari felt was a sharp kick in the gut, "I got lost after it got dark" she stuttered out her excuse to him. The corner of his mouth turned up and the devious grin it exposed started her aching all over again. "And just what are you doing wandering away from the camp to begin with?" Caven demanded. "Your past curfew cadet" he admonished. He was obviously angry but there was a hint of laughter behind him. Was he playful or sarcastic? either way she did not appreciate the smugness he had when they were both in the wrong, him more than her.
He grabbed her wrist and pulled her back towards him causing her to stumble into him. "Why would you wander away from the camp alone into the unknown little one?" he whispered. The pressure he had on her wrist was becoming painful and she wrestled it out of his grasp and stepped away again. Neither of them had noticed Karasi standing just off to the side fully clothed watching their interaction until he finally spoke. "It seems we all should forget about what’s happened here and agree to tattle on each other since we have a good chance of all being punished for it" he suggested.
Caven did not budge from his position and only responded nonchalantly with a "agreed".  Karasi walked off towards camp miffed about the situation leaving the two of them alone. Caven could smell her arousal, "Did you enjoy what you saw?" he whispered heavily as his arousal peaked again. Johnari was trying her best to keep her composure as she finally wrestled her wrist free. 
"Listen Sir, I'm sorry for what happened ok." she assured him. "I guess I was a little shocked and froze in place, didn’t really know what I was supposed to do!" Johnari turned to leave but Caven grabbed her around the waist and pulled her against him.  She could feel his lips full and moist rub down the back of her neck as he inheld her scent. His hand caresses its way across her stomach into her lower region and he pressed his solid body and semi-hard erection against her lower back.

"Would you like me to fuck you in the ass too little one" he asked mockingly as his fingers slid between her legs poking into her wetness. Johnari scrambled to free herself of the demeaning and unwanted stunt. "Get the fuck off me!" She said harshly, "You're an asshole at everything aren't you commander" she snarled as she walked briskly away following the direction Karasi had taken.
Caven leaned against the tree; he licked his lips to savor the lingering taste of her skin. He had picked up her scent the moment she had arrived. It was heady and sweet, a mix of cinnamon and jasmine that had given him a near perfect erection as she watched him fuck another man. She had excited him into cumming quicker than he would have if she had not been there. The thought that if it had been her with her plump firm ass in the air instead of his longtime partner as he rubbed himself out another orgasm.
He pictured her face as he thrust into her, the husky smell wafting from her moist pussy a mix of fear and arousal. Her handful of titties squeezed within his large hands and as he climaxed her moaned her name. No other female influenced him like Johnari had since the moment he had laid eyes on her. His bisexuality was not something she should have known but all the same he had wished she had. He was more attracted to women than men but century in the guard constantly around male counterparts filled his needs for companionship. 
He had never been ashamed over his sexual desires with men before now. But he was drawn to her with a powerful pull, obsessed with wanting to touch her. But she watched him fuck a man and was aroused by it all the same. "Shit!" he mumbled and walked slowly back to camp hoping She found her own back alone. He would have to have better control of himself if not the next three months of training would be torturous for them all.


Wraith attack two

Thick clouds spiraled in the sky overhead. Deafening thunder roared as the air pressure dropped rapidly. The ground trembled, sending folks running inside to escape the rancid air and gain cover. birds fell from the sky pounding into the things below. The enormous cloud began to descend bellowing downwards in thick grey puffs. A terrifying visage as the wraths barreled down on anyone left on the street. 
Panicked and screaming they ran from the teeth and claws of the demons who snatched them away. Ghastly mutilations continued unhindered for all anyone could do was hide in fear of their lives.
The attack ended as quickly as it began leaving horror behind. Surviving residents emerged trembling with shock. The aftermath had all silent but horrific realization made them hysterical. They screamed and cried staggering through the streets. Searching through the mangled flesh for loved ones. Their weeping continued through the night as the stoic gathered remains into body bags and carried them to the morgue.


Tiran stood before the Elder Council stoic and don’t the Elder Lords kidnapped were his top advisers and one was like a father he loved dearly appointing new elders to their pose was a necessity but it was also a personal betrayal no one knew if they were dead or alive the Royal Ranger Regiment had been placed on it the special ops demon squat he had confidence would not fail their mission they just needed to find them a starting point the three candidates each house had presented were good choices but he did not trust one of them he had been arrival of Terrence for a long time the two competed in everything a moving his power status to a Lord could prove more trouble than it was worth adding you any smiled broadly he cannot believe how his blessings were coming right now sure he had blackballed a few of the judges into their votes but the look on Tiran's face when they announce his notion last night was priceless he decided then to stay in Freewood until the gathering all he wanted to do was annoyed the hell out of the Regent with his new promotion budget date he councilmembers stood to start the vote as they yay or nay their choices adding you any gloating in his own will world when master Jebi finally called his ballot he shocks the assembly by reporting news he had no idea they knew adding unique throws a huge tantrum and curses the panel out before knocking out the candidate replacing him this has to do with him not completing a ceremonial succession before his father died so he can't be a Lord take his father's place on the Council nor had he produce an air of his own to extend the bloodline.


Victims Body found.
Caven walked through the crowd of gawkers to the barrier.  He could see Anika’s body surrounded by trash; she looked nothing of her former self. He did not know if he felt more grief than anger.  Anika was just a child still to Caven, the little sister did with the happy spirit. On the day, his father announced that she had been chosen as an Ovien the entire Oduna celebrated.  Anika was the first female in hundreds of years to have that honor.  His ancestor Zira had the previous honor of birthing four sons to the pureblood General Aikusoe.  Oduna Asunsum was a great noble house today due to that.  The eldest son Edohen was chief of the coven now and Anika was to be his bride.
	She did not deserve the fate which was cast.  An IMPD officer noticed the brand on his neck and confronted him.  “Excuse me, are you the emissary from Asunsum sir?” he inquired, he had to be a member of the Inquiry Unit. They had numerous agents in every branch of police and government agencies.  “Yes, I am here to collect the body.” Caven snapped at him.  It was becoming hard to control the emotions he felt. And this nonchalant bastard would be the first on the receiving end of his rage.  
The officer gazed with narrow eyes at Caven but avoided creating a confrontation.  “You can come pick her up on McCarthy St. from the coroner’s Office. We will bring her body to you there once the detectives and crime scene unit has finished here” the man directed. Caven turned to leave, “you will cover her body immediately to negate any further disgrace upon my house, is that clear” he demanded. The man inched away from the barrier as Caven walked away then hurried back to the scene to do as suggested.  
As he approached the transport his senses piqued the presence around him.  Caven scanned his surroundings slowly before speargun, “Who are you?” he questioned the unknown.  “Your very perceptive aren’t you” stated a feminine voice. “And you’ve been Sargent me, again who are you?” Caven demanded.  
A cloudy figure materialized over his left shoulder without targeting a clear form and hovered over the ground.  “We have the same Master warrior,” “I am here solely to do his bidding the same as you” she told him circling around as if pacing.”  “What purpose do you have to be here if I was sent to do such an easy task” Caven asked. “Just to observe in silence the progress of the investigation. I have talents which you do not to gather information which otherwise may not be forthcoming” she answered in a matter-of-fact way as her floating stopped before him.  

Caven drove up the wooded private lane to the majestic stone mansion which sat on three beautifully landscaped acres in Carmel.  He parked his Black ’71 dodge charger in the back of the servant’s quarters, which was separate from the main house.  He saw Karasi leaning against his door when he reached the top of the stairs.  He had the entire top floor of the three-story house with converted Attic space.  “What is it Karasi” he asked trying to keep the irritation from his voice as he approached the man who had become a lover.
“I wondered how you were after hearing what happened to Anika” he replied soothingly, the sorrow in his eyes was evidence of how he cared for Caven, and he had regretted that he was unable to reciprocate those feelings. Caven entered his room dimly lit and sparse of furniture. “Thanks man, but right now my mood is not fitting for guests” he signed exasperated to have to find excuses to be alone.
He shook free of his coat and released his shoulder holster that held his twin daggers. Karasi had seated himself already and the end of his bed, lounging sideways with his arm draped over the rail of the footboard.  “Hey, I understand the difficult things that happened today”, “and I just wanted to make sure you were going to ok if that’s even possible at the moment”. Karasi spoke settling his elbows across his knee’s coregent into the palms of his hands.
The younger man was seriously attractive and sported a chiseled chest and stone abdominal muscles. His dark bronze coloring was favored among most masters and nobility who sought pleasure from the house slaves at their demand.  Caven reached for him, dragging him up with his arm off the bed and Karasi planted his feet firmly in front of him as he leaned into his body and gently ran his free hand down Caven’s chest, and lower to his crotch. Kneading the area with his knuckles until he felt the first signs of arousal.
“You need this right now, let me help you calm your anger” Karasi pleaded his own stirrings of an erection building in anxiousness between his legs.  He kissed Caven on the collar and felt him go rigid when he unzipped his pants and freed his cock. The weight of the massive member as it fell into his palm excited Karasi, who was able to rub his own bulging erection against it. “Why can’t you just do as your told” Caven growled his voice husky with craving.  He forced Karasi back onto the bed and stepped in between his thighs. Strogen his erection with a firm grip he waved it in Karasi’s face. The engorged head dripping already with pre-cum that waited to be tasted.
Karasi freed himself and masturbated as licked the head indulging himself in the musky scent and salty taste. Caven snatched a handful of hair drawing Karasi closer as he rubbed himself along the rim of Karasi’s mouth. With his tongue hanging out of his mouth like a panting dog, Karasi opened wider, inviting Caven as he pumped his hips harder. “You want to help huh?” Caven rasped, “Suck it harder!” “Yeah, suck it all in that greedy mouth”.  Karasi moaned his own pleasure as he sucked faster and stroked harder on his cock in eager anticipation of a flourishing orgasm.
Caven forced himself deeper each exquisite thrust tightened his balls, and his body tremored. He climaxed with such intensity that his body crumpled forward coming into Karasi’s mouth in pulsing spray, Karasi followed him moments later in his own delight. Karasi stood wiping his mouth resenting himself for being so needy.  For continually reaching for what he knew Caven would never give him. As he repaired his clothing to a suitable state, he wondered how long it would be before these emotions faded and he could move on.
Caven let out a shaky breath as he tried to compose what to say. He knew the time was coming to let Karasi know that their sexual appetites were not the same. He preferred women and did not have feelings for him in the capacity he longed for. He negated the speargun altogether and simply walked to the door. He did not turn to face Karasi as he opened the door, and the other man moved swiftly past but hesitated before crossing over the threshold. “Others might seek to express their sorrow to you, I hope with them you won’t feel the need to be such an asshole” he murmured as he yanked the door out of Caven’s hand and let it slam shut. Caven just stood steeped in guilt at his inaction for a while before throwing himself on the bed. He knew sleep would not claim him this night and that on the morrow, He would also have to visit the family and destroy his father.

Okaiben entered the small room where his father sat on a raggedy straw and wooden bench. He tried to gather more courage as an unfamiliar anxiety crept over him. His father looked up at him, his eyes already filled with a kind of sadness Okaiben only just realized with Anika’s death.  Okaiben knelt before his father and placed his oversized hand onto a bony knee. He cleared his throat and refused to look again at his father’s face.  “Anika Baba” his voice came out hoarse and weary, “Baba she’s gone” he said. After a moment he could feel the old man’s body tremor with grief.

Ayoka floated above the statues in the garden. She could barely remember her own face and seeing it sculpted into the marble, coregent at her parents laughing and holding each other as they once did and Agiso holding a baby Tiran in his lap all brought heartache. She was stuck in the fade, unable to be a part of the living realm until she found the body of her twin. Now she was trapped as a floating cloud hovering through her own life.  Adenyini would pay for what he had done to her and her beloved Agiso.  She could feel him all around her, his essence without his consciousness.  “Where are you brother?” she whispered. She knew that his heart and head still had to be intact, for they shared the same. 
But for her not to have physical form, some part of him had been detached and hidden. His two halves would have to be reunited before she could resurrect them with her blood. Adenyini thought that to be impossible, but just as the old customs required, she and the other priestesses were required to give their blood as offering to goddess. The blade on which she had used to cut her hand was still in the temple with the goddess. So was the cloth stained with blood that she had wrapped it in. Patience was all she needed, in his erratic state Adenyini was MA Regent more mistakes and he was occupied with losing the throne to Tiran than he was with what Ayoka was doing.
Okaiben was going to help her whether he knew it now or not. All she had to do was gently steer him in the right direction. If anyone could find her brother’s body, he could. And once she had Zimal revived, Adenyini would have no choice but to give her body back to her. She would have limited powers without her true form.


A big toothy grin splayed across his face. It was a creepy smile. The truck careened, sliding down the pathway and she looked annoyed. You really are nervous are not you have to relax his voice strode off into his own thoughts.
His eyes wild as he drove up Jacob's ladder. A brief flutter of her eyelids now and then let him know the ruppion was working.

Struck a level of fear the whole terrifying interaction that occurred between them felt this is the walls were closing in on her. headed the said prejudice against humans. “Stop this please!” she screamed pleading to a higher power to save her from this nightmare. As she began to sob uncontrollably, he was laughing. her eyes bulge as she gasps for air and clawed at his hands. her body thrashing around the blackness of her approaching death grotesquely contorted her features as he listed the lamb course indignant they he had been subjected to such treatment he was disconnected from reality he has shown her sincere face and she believed it she yet incessantly as the temperature plummeted and the ground crunch with each step on top of the frosty blaze of grass and leaves the gravity of what he had just did not register immediately “What are you trying to say” he asked her in disbelief answering a question she had not asked.

the flow of her blood rapidly spilling down her face and into her mouth the coppery taste of the blood mixed with the salt of her tears her legs finally getting out under the weight of her pain in near loss of consciousness the head the shock of his body slammed into a wall where is the fallen he eggs perfectly pitched voice she could not speak she would never return her aloof the over to death another face another crack her promenade cheekbone now caved into her face she Kassirer her ID attached from the sock in her role across her face she cried not for herself before her own low they meal she had seen so much death and she knew her death was scar him the most realizing he could get no further information he removed his dagger and dragged her lamb body across the room listing it on top of the table he listed the cloth of her dress above her hips he sliced the flesh from hit to hip on a Marya stomach her screams could have reached heaven for every ounces strength left in her expels on that breath she welcomed death the river she thought her mind and body's way with the calming piece as she slits to the other side.

He yelled announcing himself and his credentials before entering the house is like landed on the way dreck marks leading down a hallway through the kitchen and out the back door the window embark the window broken glass pieces shimmering in the blood he walked avoiding stepping in the room.
the streaks continue down across the porch and steps he instinctively follow the stone path expecting the trail to continue but the trail ended he circled himself with the light on the ground and found where snaked off into the grass bloodstained blades shimmer red in the moonlight he followed across the yard to the back fence on the edge of the property the tall grass covering the land beyond into a cluster of trees it stood a few yards only a few of the trunks were visible as they seem to disappear into the dark expanse of the unknown the mediocre like cast about a thick bed of pine needles a pathway recently made by whatever had dragged the bodies through it had to be something very big and heavy to cut a pass so deep into the ground covering

************************************************************
“Her body was found in this alley with stab wounds the victim of a brutal assault and rape. 
(Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt. Plano (?) at 527-5555 or call crime stoppers at 527-TIPS.” He smiled thinking about looking up to her.


Johnari arrived at the Residences Hotel at a quarter to meet with an afternoon appointment scheduled for three o’clock. The suite furnished in an array of soft furnishings encased in dark wood gave the room a contemporary but luxurious appeal. 
Johnari walked across the plush carpet behind the man who greeted her at the door. He led her out onto a semi enclosed terrace with French style café dining set, in front of stone trimmed fireplace. 
“May I offer you a drink Mistress?” he asked, his voice a soft rich baritone. “Vodka with club soda and lemon please, no ice” Johnari replied but he was gone by the time she turned from the serene view to addresses him. 
“Damn he moves quickly” she thought as she seated herself at the café style table arrangement. Shortly after, the prospective client stepped onto the balcony dressed in well-tailored, crisply creased flat front trousers, and a trim two button notch lapel designer suit. 
Framed in masculinity, the slight swagger in his gait oozing sexy and causing Johnari to catch her breath, “Thank you for coming” he greeted with and extended hand as he stopped in front of her. Johnari rose and accepted his hand in hers lightly but still feeling the warmth and silkiness of his skin. 
“It’s my pleasure Mr. Braxton” assured him as it was. The man looked like piece of dove chocolate, smooth and creamy with a shadowy luster that made her mouth water. “Please call me Emile” he insisted as his thumb glided softly across the back of her hand. 
He claimed the seat across from her crossing one leg over his knee. (Add more here)
Johnari enjoyed masquerading as her own assistant. It gave her a better perspective of the type of clients she would add to or decline from her retinue of submission. With their defenses, down around an assumed menial servant, they were more than likely to act normal than impressive. 
She gained insight into the type of personality hidden behind the fade of most men’s egos. “First, I’d like to go over the membership application for entry into Tops and Bottoms, and then the contractual agreement with you.”
I would like to emphasize that we do request you have your lawyer review it for you” Johnari explained as she preceded going over the finer points of the contract. 
Discipline, control, and play methods and instruments, hard limits, and confidentiality. “Finally, the sexual intercourse section” Johnari cleared her throat saving the most cumbersome requirement last. 
“My Mistress does not engage sexually, meaning penetration of any kind with her body besides orally if off the table.” She looked at Mr. Braxton to check for any reaction that hinted at displeasure. 
“Her specialty is pain you see Mr. Braxton” Johnari began to explain but he cut her short, “I’ve read the contract Miss Morisseau and understand in full the terms of the agreement.” 
“It wouldn’t be a burden for me to abstain from the pleasures of copulation” he informed her. She was startled when his servant appeared carrying two glasses on a tray in one hand and a manila envelope in the other.
He sat in the envelope in front of her then served both drinks quietly before retreating into the suite. “That is the signed contract and questionnaire ready for inspection” Emile spoke lifting his glass to his dark lips. 
She stared as the liquid left a wet sheen on the juicy bottom lip and his tongue slid across it like an invitation to come taste. She sipped her own drink, an even mix not too strong or lemony. After skimming over the papers, she tucked them into her Louis Vuitton attaché and then rose to make her departure. 
“Leaving so soon?” Emile stood and closed the gap between them. Placing a firm but non-threatening grasp on her elbow he led her into the sitting room. “I apologize Mr. Braxton, uh Emile” she said removing her arm gracefully from the burning of his touch. 
“I have other appointments to deal with before my flight back sir, you shall be informed either way in two days of your status.” she informed him bowing slightly her farewell before turning on her heel and heading for the door. She could feel his eyes on her as she marched down the hall holding her breath.


Johnari's investigation into Emile and Phryne led her to Tops & Bottoms Club. Women who work for Phryne/Harvest use the sex club to scout "Whales" for the sale of human slaves.

She was giving a mediocre performance tonight and she knew it was all because of the stress.  She still had not come to terms with her new identity or that she would be in that beauty pageant of a selection process.  It could be worth it to let the hunters come after her. She finished with her last client and was in the dressing room when the presence came upon her. 
She had meant to ask Mistress (?) about it in Brazil but that had been the least of her worries. 

Johnari got a job at TB’s.

Johnari quickly made her exit, forgetting her gym bag. Out in the parking lot the presence hit her harder than ever before. She had to lean against her car before her knees completely buckled from the spontaneous orgasm ripping through her body. 
“What the hell?” she crawled into the driver’s seat leaning her back against the head rest rubbing soothingly on her pussy waiting for the sensations to recede.  Tiran sat inside his Denali waiting for Gracy to join him in the parking lot.  He noticed the woman damn near running out of the building before collapsing against her car. He went out to see if she needed his assistance.
But has he approached the vehicle he stood amazed by her mouth shaped in a silent oh as her hips and arm moved frantically up and down?  “Well damn” he uttered backing away slightly not wanting to be seen. He silently watched as she got herself off before slipping back to his vehicle.  He was secretly glad that he was not the only one, becoming afraid of the chaotic situation inside the building.  
He climbed to the driver’s side of the SUV and proceeded to leave the lot when he realized he would have to drive past the woman in her car. He sped past the spot and right into traffic hoping he was not seen. He laughed at himself for his student antics remembering the tint on the windows. He honked at the car ahead of him sitting at the green light. 
As it jerked forward probably from hitting the gas pedal too hard, he noticed the plate tag DMTRIX.  He passed to the left lane and could not believe who he saw, the hot thing from the parking lot staring straight ahead giving him the finger, with a diamond studded ghost dangling from the rearview mirror. She merged into the right-hand lane just as the arrow turned green.
 He almost chased after her until the blare of a horn stopped him. “When in Rome” he laughed giving the angry driver swerving around him the bird.  He circled back around the block to pick up Gracy. 
The quarterly committee meeting would start in an hour, and he still needed to go home to change. He never liked meeting with the House Elders.
Once again, he was faced with doing his duties as Regent. It was time to appoint an Advisor if only to represent him at these sorts of gatherings. It was rumored an old sect wanted back into the fold; he recognized Okikki’s ploy for what it was. He was after something that he needed the power of the covenant to obtain.


Johnari exited the terminal garage and walked to guest services. Her prearranged taxi was hopefully on time since there had been no delay with her flight. Now that Patima was transferred into a State mental facility instead of a jail cell she had time to get other things in order.
The drive from the airport was frustrating as traffic crept along I-70 at a snail’s pace down the country roads. She kept checking the meter on the dashboard as the amount moved faster than the vehicle itself. She paid the 49.55 fare and tipped the driver a ten. 
The mean looks she gave should tell him to leave while the getting was good because her mood had sore on the long ride. She fumbled her keys as she reached the door to her apartment, a door which should have been locked but now stood agape. 
She entered cautiously, setting her bags on the floor near the door. She quietly reached into the foyer closet and drew her .38 caliber (?) from the coat pocket she kept hiding in. She peeked into the tiny kitchen first and then crept along the wall to the living room which was empty. 
She looked at the two-bedroom doors and stopped at the guest room. She never shut doors in her house, so this one had no reason to be closed. She raised the gun and kicked the door open. Two equally surprised women jumped off the bed as Johnari got the shock of her life.  Nanisca and Chichi smiled as Johnari lowered the weapon.
 “Damn, scary much bitch?” Nisca laughed sitting back down on the bed. “I don’t believe this” Johnari stated as she put the safety on the gun. The room exploded into laughter as the women rushed each other talking simultaneously. 
“Wait a minute I mean what are you doing here? And why did break in?” Johnari asked.  “We heard you had some shits popping off and we’re here as back up” Chichi replied throwing herself across the bed onto her stomach. 
“Don’t listen to her Johnari we’re here breaking and entering because master Okikki requests your presence at the gathering” Nisca told her. “And please get that stupid as look off your face” she laughed in an obvious attempt to try and lighten the mood.
Johnari quickly tried to disguise her feelings. Had it just been a coincidence that there really was something going on with Patima? She never told the coven of her past with Patima. She had been too ashamed of her life before they found her.
 “Why did he call a gathering?” Johnari asked. “The Adedeji (the crown has become two) Adedeji council is preparing a marriage ceremony for Regent Tiran, he says it’s time to present our coven to the throne” Nisca answered. “One of our members is to be presented as bride candidate” Johnari said, knowing it was the best thing for the survival of the clan.  
No males had been birthed for centuries, and the large numbers of older Algul women were becoming restless to mate. I do not believe this is about the ceremony you” Nisca stated shaking her head.  “The Regent is moving into town also, I heard he arrived a few days ago, with his special entourage in tow” half smiling as Chichi’s mouth plopped open in surprise.
 Chichi usually had the market cornered on the gossip and Nisca felt victorious at beating her to the punch this time.  “Yeah well, we’ve got three days before the gathering to catch up, and you damn sure better be spilling the tea Nisca sense you know so much” Chichi jeered, and they all fell out laughing again.
Johnari opened her eyes to a raging headache. The three clients from last night were heavy masochists. She would have to rearrange their schedules to keep from wearing out. Her shoulders ached from the repetitive movements of swinging the whip for almost four hours.  She climbed out of bed and headed to the kitchen. 
Passing the guestroom, she could hear that Nisca and Chichi were already awake from Chichi’s moaning. Her chest tightened with envy for their love.  The three women have been through some of the worst imaginable circumstances together, but they always had each other to turn to for comfort. Johnari had felt left in the cold many times.
She grabs the glass pot from the coffee maker and began filling it with water, as her thoughts drifted to last night. The presence had been at the club, hovering over her. Instead of feeling fear of the unknown, she had felt more aroused than she ever had. The ardor consumed her soul burning every inch of her body. 
When the freezing water started spilling over her hand, she shook herself awake. Grabbing three 200mg Ibuprofen and popping them into her mouth, she began to prepare breakfast.  They would leave by noon to catch their flights to Brazil. 
The Algul had settled there in the 19th century with the freedom and anonymity they desired hidden deep within the Amazon among the Indigenous tribes. It had been close to sixty years since Johnari, and the others had left. She was not looking forward to returning to the hermitage that was her birthplace, but she could not answer the summons either. Her way of life and freedom depended on her loyalty. 
Traitors were dealt with severely by the Hunters, no one ever escaped, and all were returned dead or alive. Johnari yelped when bacon greased popped her on the forehead. She turned the fire off under the skillet and scooped the crisp strips out of the pan. “God I’m going miss easting real food” she mumbled savoring the salty taste.



Rising in into the sky were seven series of arched skylights that composed the glass dome of the Krimms Fallow Garden. She often wondered why there was no actual garden growing inside of it, it was designed as an exhibition hall and hosted many artistic venues, literary readings, and the occasional wedding. The sunlight draped space was still a beautiful attraction connected to the Circle Centre Mall downtown. 
In need of a break from her guest’s amorous activities she ventured to her favorite spot for lunch just finishing off bourbon chicken with fried rice and wontons from Maki of Japan. She was obsessed with anything Asian or Asian including traditional clothes, art, figurines, and martial arts movies.  
She crossed the bridge connecting to the mall and window shopped through Victoria’s Secret, and New York & Co. until she reached her favorite store Bath & Body Works. Sniffing some of the newer fragrances she walked around the display table wondering why the hair on the back of neck tingled. She could feel eyes moving with her as she ambled through the store. Looking around nothing seemed unusual as the customers and clerks went about their business. 
Johnari worked her way to the shelves that contained the Japanese Cherry Blossom fragrances. The line was all she ever wore daily. As she strolled through the rest of the mall carrying a complete set of the B&BW fragrance, she felt it again. Someone was watching her following her too. She stopped looking in a store window as she surveyed the area through the reflection in the glass. 
Nothing and no one stood out to her, but the feeling felt stronger than before. Deciding to leave the mall she made her way down on the elevator to the underground parking garage paying close attention to her surroundings a watching behind her to see if anyone got off the elevator she rode. Nothing happened as she unlocked her car doors with the remote on her keychain and hopped inside. 
When she started the ignition and pulled out of space, she had not noticed the large shadow that ducked behind a column. He watched her drive up the ramp to the ticket gate and exit onto the busy street. Then he made his way back to the bath & body work and purchased a bottle of her favorite perfume before leaving himself.
Gibbons placed the small bag in the passenger seat and turned on the tracking app on his phone. Besides a day of shopping, his target was so far from the most boring woman he had ever tailed.  He wished he knew why Braxton was so interested in cat ladies. He checked her position as the miniature car moved along the map in the direction of her apartment building.  He better gets some snacks and dinner before posting outside the building. Gibbons drove away thinking it would not hurt to pick up a copy of Maxim either.

Johnari trains as Domme
Johnari returned to her motel room to get ready for the night’s entertainment. Her first stop would be Halo, an upscale lounge and LGBT club in midtown to meet Mathieu a male submissive. Maybe make it over to Screams, a BDSM dungeon for novice individuals in the lifestyle. 
The owner was her mentor Mistress Sin, both Domme and Submissive she enjoyed playing for both teams and accommodating male and female patrons. 
She stepped into a black and white damask print bustier with velvet trim that zipped on the side. And then she squirmed into the black faux leather hip huggers which highlighted the fur lined g-sting nested in the crease of her ass. 
She French braided the double twist strands of hair upward, leaving the ends open held by a black elastic band, creating a spray of twirls on the top of her head. She perused herself in the mirror slowly until she could find no objections to her look. 
“Sexy bitch!” she told her reflection, grabbed her things, and hit the town. “Nothing wrong with mixing business with pleasure right!” she laughed to herself. The voicemail alert on phone went off in rapid succession of three chimes.

Emile Braxton

He watched her leave smiling, stubborn and allusive he thought as his attraction grew for the beautiful subordinate. He would love to get that tense body to relax under his naked and submit to every desire. 
But first he had to overcome the PTSD causing the erectile dysfunction, he had suffered for years after his return from the POW camps of Iraq with the symptoms, only the memories of the pain from the torture were not what had depleted him. 
The pain aroused him in the most degrading way possible. He closed his eyes thinking about the hands of the Israeli woman stoking his genitals until he was hard as a rock.
The smell of the Turkish cigar mixed with his burning flesh as the interrogator pressed it to the head of his cock. yelling over and over each time he applied an instrument of pain upon him. 
He had been fucked anally with a cattle prod, had metal clips attached to wires applied to his penis then an electric current surged through it. He was ashamed of the enjoyment he received at the hands of his captors. 
He was whipped often with a rod after he ejaculated during some of the most intense sessions. The other prisoners began avoiding him, looking upon his battered body with repugnance. 
They did not understand hell he did not understand until a mandated therapy session finally helped him live with his discovery. The psychologist called him a masochist, and suggested he research the BDSM lifestyle which he had done and come to fully enjoy. 
He went to the bedroom and shut the door. Undressing himself completely naked except for the cock ring and chained to nipple clamps he wore underneath. He released the clamps simultaneously hissing as the blood rushed into them and the pain hardened his cock. 
He masturbated, pulling himself harshly until it felt like it would rip off. As his balls tightened against the base, he released the ring and spilled his load chocking his staff as it pumped with semen, he imagined Miss Morisseau biting his cock with her perfect ivory teeth and he was ready for round two.
Emile cursed the vulgar driver as he tried to remain behind Johnari. Her sudden turn without signaling him to her actions irritated him because now he had to play catch up without drawing her attention. 
He gave the rented BMW 328i some more gas as the next light changed to yellow. His frustration with the Sunday drivers almost made him hit the horn again until he noticed her two cars ahead of him.  He followed her for 30 minutes before she turned into a gated apartment complex.  
The Maxwell, he read as he checked the sign over the door of the main entrance.  Emile placed a call on his cell phone with hands-free amenity before he pulled back into traffic. “TMI Investigations” a female voice answered, “May I speak with Mr. Gibbons Please?” Emile answered.  
He knew Gibbons was not the honorable sort of investigator and stalking for the right price was right up his sleazy little alley.  “Gibbons so speak!” the gruff voice of the curmudgeon man spit into the phone. “This is DuBois” meet me in Krimms Fallow in two days. 
There is something special I have for you to do” Emile said and disconnected the line. He parked the rental at the valet of JW Marriott, his mood unquestionably changed for the better with the plans he already had in place in his head. 
I want you to put surveillance on someone. I want around the clock information on everything she does. “Sure, I can do that, I have a wireless GPS network with internal backup battery. 
It only weighs three ounces with a water-resistant enclosure. SMS & Email Alerts, ignition alert, can tell if vehicles enter and/or exits a specific area, route deviation alert, and vehicle exceeds a specified speed threshold” Gibbons rambled on until Emile stopped him. 
“Just get all the shit you need and come here, I don’t fuckin care about what you use if it works!” Emile shouted before dropping the call. Seems he was about to relocate to the beautiful town of Mourning.
*******************************************************
Emile cursed the vulgar driver as he tried to remain behind Johnari. Her sudden turn without signaling him to her actions irritated him because now he had to play catch up without drawing her attention. He gave the rented BMW 328i some more gas as the next light changed to yellow. His frustration with the Sunday drivers almost made him hit the horn again until he noticed her two cars ahead of him.  He followed her for 30 minutes before she turned into a gated apartment complex.  
The Maxwell, he read as he checked the sign over the door of the main entrance.  Emile placed a call on his cell phone with hands-free amenity before he pulled back into traffic. “TMI Investigations” a female voice answered, “May I speak with Mr. Gibbons Please?” Emile answered.  He knew Gibbons was not the honorable sort of investigator and stalking for the right price was right up his sleazy little alley.  “Gibbons so speak!” the gruff voice of the curmudgeon man spit into the phone. “This is Du Bois meet me in Krimms Fallow in two days. “There’s something special I have for you to do” Emile said and disconnected the line. 
He parked the rental at the valet of JW Marriott, his mood unquestionably changed for the better with the plans he already had in place in his head. I want you to put surveillance on someone. I want around the clock information on everything she does. “Sure, I can do that, I have a wireless GPS network with internal backup battery. It only weighs three ounces with a water-resistant enclosure. SMS & Email Alerts, ignition alert, can tell if vehicles enter and/or exits a specific area, route deviation alert, and vehicle exceeds a specified speed threshold” Gibbons rambled on until Emile stopped him. “Just get all the shit you need and come here; I don’t fucking care about what you use as long as it works!” Emile shouted.


Azinza entered the mansion followed by Emezi into the grand foyer. She dropped her purse onto the round table decorated with a ceramic vase of flowers. She frowned at the bouquet of lilies and angels’ breath. "They stink Emezi, the outdoor" she spat, pointing over her shoulder. Tiran watched from his perch at the top of the staircase. He down slowly amused and slightly appalled at her behavior. "Your vassal is obedient, but very disrespectful considering this is not your domain of command" Tiran spoke loudly.

The entourage spilling into his home immediately stopped and lowered their heads, including an embarrassed Emezi who held the bouquet of lilies. He had been halfway to the door with them at the time.  Azinza did a stiff curtsy and nod of her head. He came to stop right in front of her and continued. "And being that all things within the realm are considered my domain and property, unless you'd like to forfeit your minion, I'd  suggest he returns things to their rightful place." he sneered moving to stand in Emezi's path back to the vase. "Forgive me your lord, it was not my intention to go beyond my station. please forgive my act of disrespect" Emezi stammered bowing low before his true master.

A red-faced Azinza bowed loathing her master for such a chastisement of words in front of her lowers. Tiran grabs her up with an arm not so gently and leads her into his drawing room. Emezi immediately replaces the lilies into the vase, "Fix them" he yells at a housekeeper and scampers behind in his mistress’s wake.
He barely made it to her side when Tiran forced her into one of the high back chairs. He began to help her arrange herself and clothing properly when she shoved him away.

Tiran chuckles to himself as he pours a glass of televote,  a customary drink for serving royal and noble guests the concentrated plasma rich liquid. he sips his before handing a delicate crystal glass to Azinza, who quickly sips half the liquid. He could tell she drank Televote frequently with the purple stains forming on her toungue and the addictive glow in her eyes. Nobles easily became addictive to the stuff. "I probably owe you an apology for the behavior your grace" she snarked through clenched teeth, "you do" Tiran corrected her seating himself beside her. He laughed politely at her expression, "Yes, I believe I heard you say they stink" . "Again, apologies. I truly destest florals of all varieties" she said as she downed the rest of drink. She lifted the glass in the air which was instantly taken away by Emezi to the bar and refilled. 

"It is the mourning season Lady Contee, surely your house is respecting the traditions of the occasion,” he questioned" ,'Well yes of course do not be silly. My father wouldn’t hear of being anything other than traditional and honorable to our heritage." "Good, good Man your father" Tiran replied. "I have assured him as you are a guest of the crown you will be treated with all the same comforts and status of home." the emphasis on his use of the word status had not failed to cut her ego as was intended. a spoiled brat full herself could not be his queen. He hated the snobbish air of nobles. He was sure it smelled worse than the perfume Azinza was wearing.


Johnari arrives at the engagement party unaware that she was chosen. She gets cornered in the bathroom by Maine who she must fight off until attendants break up the fight. They lead her into a private room and redress her in fancy gown then escort her to the stage. As people begin to bow Tiran joins her and proposes. She accepts but leaves the party unsure of herself. Tiran catches her getting into the elevator and professes his heart. She tells him about her past and then about her work as the ghost. Tiran makes her promise that as a wedding gift she performs for him. 
She accepts but only if he tries it out before the wedding.

Johnari paced the gardens she struggled with her thoughts still dazed by the dream. "Are you worried over the ceremony mistress" a voice spoke from the shadows of the house. Johnari started turning quickly and the young housekeeper walked towards her carrying a basket of flowers. The moonlight distorted the features of her shadowed face, but her slender mouth and eyes gave her a sneaky almost demonic visage. Johnari recognized the girl from Azinza's entourage that had arrived earlier in the day. "I guess I am" Johnari replied suspiciously to the little spy. Something about her seemed familiar and uncomfortable. "I'm sure you'll do fine, your line as always made it through the process" she assured Johnari sarcastically.
"I went through the process many moons ago with your Great Grandmother Maveri" she said as she inched closer to Johnari. "She defeated me in combat and left me unable to continue into the next round" she sneered as she came fully into the moonlight. Johnari, shocked by what she saw, tried to cover her reaction, but it had not slipped the maid’s notice. The scarf she kept wrapped around her head no longer hid the scar streaked across her face. From the top left side, it sliced downward across the bridge of her nose and cheek. "I miscalculated her next move and received an unwelcoming gift for my mistake, first blood and all" She laughed.
"First Blood?" Johnari questioned. "Well yes, first to draw their opponents’ blood during the battle wins the match" she laughed at Johnari’s ignorance. "I failed and disgraced my house, which is why I'm currently in the Ovein." "But you are strong like Maveri, maybe even stronger and will do well against Mistress Bisa tomorrow." she stared inquisitively at Johnari. "Maybe it is more apprehension than fear that is bothering you" she asked. "Maybe our way of life does not suit your heart?" "Maybe you’re just like the rest of your clan huh, better suited to a life outside of the Koventri?" she sneered. 
Johnari gave her a scathing look that made the old woman flinch slightly. was fear she could smell it beginning to warm its way through her aura. Johnari closed the gap between the two women quickly, anger fueled at the woman's impertinence. "I will bring my house back from whatever disgrace the Koventri believes they deserve" Johnari sneered back at her. Johnari had enjoyed the outside, wandering felt like it was in her blood by instinct alone. but that instinct had driven her family out of the Koventri and away from the essence of the Keystone.

Tiran could finally relax himself. After the betrothal ceremony, he had one meeting after the other will council members and Noble Lords in preparation for the wedding.
He also still had to deal with the rogue coven hiding in the shadows. They had dealt with enemies before, but this coven wanted proving their strength and forcing his hand to act. He had to get things in order quickly to focus his attention on where they needed to be, protecting his people.
He was in TB’s having drinks for about an hour when a slave approached him. Her eyes were directed at the floor she stood there quietly.  “Yes, slave what is it?” Tiran asked her as customary in the establishment. 
The servers were known as slaves and they had rules that consisted of not speaking unless asked, they must obey the orders of all higher ups, and to never look a higher than the waistline always. The woman spoke softly,” Sir, Master Guise has requested your presence at the candidate screening.” 
Tiran was interested in the selection process; he had been long contemplating joining the Dominants training class the club offered. And now that he was facing matrimony with a woman chosen for him, rather than it being his choice, he felt rebellious towards the entire affair.
He watched as the D’s paraded their subs around the club. Some were openly doing scenes with their women in staged areas of the club as others looked on fondling erogenous zones on theirs.  The enjoyment on all their faces gave him the courage to make his decision.
“Thank you, please tell him I’d be delighted” Tiran finally responded to the patient slave. He finished off his drink and casually walked to the training room. When he entered, the women had been lined up according to height. They all had on only a bra and panty set, with colored bands on their left arms.
Guise greeted Tiran from a bar table filled with assorted sex toys and accessories.  Hey, my man, he reached out and shook Tiran’s hand. “Glad you came tonight. These new candidates must be my best class ever! He assured. 
“Present” Guise told the women, and they all got down on their knees. Spread their legs and placed their hands behind their backs. With their heads tilted back and their eyes closed, they looked (?).
Robin felt stupid and nervous about being a part of this group. When she decided to be a switch, it was spontaneous and out of fear. Now she had to go through with it. 
The Man seemed hesitate too. She had heard so of the slaves talking around the club on unique occasions that he had yet to participate as a Dom with any of the women in the club. They had even nicknamed him the “Stone Stallion” on account that he was the best-looking statue in the club.
Guise began to introduce each woman by sub nickname, a requirement for un-collared subs until a Dom named them. The club promoted privacy until a relationship was established between Dom and Sub. 
“Master Jagger”, Guise began “this is Honey Pot, Lady Flower Cupcake, Wonderland, Jewel Box, Rosebud, and The Pink Panther.” He finished. Robin heard their heavy footsteps as he circled the group. Stopping then starting again but never stopping in front of her. He walked past her twice before he moved away. 
The muffled baritones conversed for a moment then Master Guise called the selection, “Lady Flower, come” he commanded. Robin exhaled as quietly as she could to her relief, but it did not go unnoticed. “I’m sorry Pink Panther; did you say something?” Master Guise asked her. 
Robin stiffened when she realized it had not been Master Guise at all but Master Jagger who had heard her breath. 
Guise laughed humorlessly as he approached the group. “Well, well, well your naughty little cat!”, “Present!” Guise yelled. Robin knew all the commandments well. She had come in as a candidate under an alias and no one knew she was a switch. 
She immediately bent over still on her spread knees and lifted her ass. “The rest of you are dismissed” Guise ordered. “I am sorry Master Jagger. It is a good thing you did not choose this pet tonight. How fortunate for me though!” He bragged. His Louisiana French dialect was more pronounced with his excitement. 
His heart rate had increased, and Robin could smell his slight arousal in his perspiration. Tiran did not know whether he wanted to leave or stay and watch what was about to happen. He had not realized it when he called her out that no one should have been able to hear her.
He would have to be more careful around humans before he exposed too much of himself. He looked at his selection and then at the kowtowed woman and wondered how stupid he could be. Pink Panther was obviously the least interested in the training class and he would have had a much better chance of not doing anything intimate with her than he did with Lady Flower who eagerly waited for him to carry her off.


Reporters sat in the van and watched them exit the vehicle and climb the stairs to the entrance. 
snapping picks in rapid succession before they went inside.  She was freaked out when she viewed the photos on her digital camera, 
he had looked directly into the camera on film, but she hadn’t seen him turn around once in the viewer.  At that moment something washed over her eerie and disturbing. 


Her mouth was dry in her throat raw and burning from her on heard screams each time she sliced open a new wound the fill of his dagger teeth sinking into her flesh the seer that each pool of blood from her veins might be the last he listened to the rambling moderates as she drew closer in her incoherent state to death.

But he just droned on talking to himself this isn't as if no one else was present what are you talking about she interjected the sound of gurgling blood in his lungs these areas were good to find women he needed they were there to sell themselves and their tricks along with the hustlers and all of the other deviants cruising around in the middle of the night.


Johnari White (Rayne) sat in the car twisting her dread around her fingers bored out of her mind.  The first three hours she watched the prostitutes fuck their johns in the alley, and crackheads get high on the dock of the old warehouse. 
Adrian DuPlessis, a trust fund baby from an old Louisiana free family of sharecroppers. His grandmother hired her to keep an eye on everything he did. She did not seem to trust him now that he had access to his trust fund, and she could not control him with her money anymore.
The old woman scared the hell out of her. She looked ancient in her expensive clothes and wigs, but there was something that always was hovering around her like a shadow. A dark evil presence that made Johnari shiver in her boots. 
She tried to produce a good reason to tell Madame Sitra DuPlessis why she had lost sight of Adrian for over four hours. This was her first case as a private detective and hopefully he would show up here, where she had followed him to other nights.
Johnari was about to call it a night when Adrian’s black escalade pulled up in the alley. He dragged ahis wife out of the truck behind him. She was dressed in a long dark cloak and barefoot. Her movements were sluggish.  
Other cars pulled into the warehouse parking lot behind them. The formally dressed men talking the drunken cloaked women inside of the building. Johnari grabbed her phone and got out of her car. 
She was dressed just like the other crackheads, so she could blend in on the street. She made her way across the trash littered parking lot to the side of the building just in time to catch the door before it closed after the last person. The entryway was dark, and she stood against the wall until her eyes could adjust to the darkness. 
Once she could get the shapes to take form, she walked through the first room following the sounds of the others voices and footsteps. Johnari followed them at a distance through the passages under the warehouse. 
The excitement began churning in her belly from the anticipation of where they were leading her. The tunnels had to be old; the intricately stoned walls were stacked on top of each other instead of the standard cinderblock used today. 
The path was also designed with various stones that were combined in a particularly complex and skillful way. The mason work used was 18th century, Johnari remembered seeing similar work centuries ago but exactly where escaped her.
She could feel a warm breeze beginning to caress her face as the path began to slope downward into the earth.  The slight smell of sulfur and flora carried along with it and got stronger the further she went the glowing arch at the end of the tunnel illuminated the group of shadows made their way through it. 
She could hear the footsteps of others shuffling around the inner chamber and held her position just beyond the entrance. Huge columns squared around a stone altar that was surrounded by a shallow pool of water.
Mr. DuPlessis and his guest were lying together on one of the few oversized chaises in the room. Other coupled up partners she did not recognize were on the others already in enjoying each other. Scantily clad men entered the chamber single file carrying large clay vases which they dumped into the shallow pool. 
Johnari realized that it was not water by its smell, but blood. Copious amounts of fresh blood were being used to fill the pool. What were they she thought, some sort of cult? She had seen them over time all over the world, worshipping some demon or practicing their invisible magic. 
These people were some of the extremists believing in ritual sacrifice to invoke their magic or spirits. She inched her way closer to the side of the wall looking for a way to get closer without being seen. She used her speed to get behind one of the smaller pillars on the outside of the ring. 
She used her smelling ability to memorize the scents of the robbed people to identify them later if needed. But the smell of the blood interfered with the process.  She craved the liquid that would quench her sudden insatiable thirst. Two large men entered the chamber each carrying a set of manacles each. 
They were some bruisers too! She could not pick up their scent though; they smelled strange, neither human nor animal scents registered. They had a metallic or mineral odor that she could not place.
They began to chain the drug up females of the group as the men removed the rest of their clothing and stepped into the pool. The bruisers led the chained women to the altar and hooked them to the base of it facing their partners. The men began to recite words in ancient Therian. 
How could humans have learned their sacred language? Adrian was more than just a spoiled rich boy Johnari concluded. Only the shamans used the dead language now, she would have to report this immediately to the council. Just as she made her way back over to the exit, the top of the altar was removed easily by the four men in masks.

 The thing had to weigh at least ten tons, but they held it up effortlessly. Johnari could not see who was in it, but she could smell the rotting Therian inside it. Who were they trying to resurrect and why? The blood in the pool began to flow upward into the stone coffin. 
It moved like it had a life of its own and seemed to try to take a human form. DuPlessis and the other men stopped reciting their words and approached the women. They used what looked like bone carved daggers to stab the women in the chest. 
Johnari knew it pierced their hearts because she could no longer hear the beating coming from their chest. She had to get to the council and report this right away. First, she would go by her own coven and inform Okikki, this would affect everyone. 
Johnari hurried her way along the way through the tunnel and back into the warehouse. When she came up through the basement vent, she was met by guards, only they were not human. So, whoever this cult was, they had an alliance with half-breeds too. 
The figures concealed in all black advanced on her and instincts took over springing her body into action. The sizzling of her nerves and flesh excited her as she changed into her true form. Johnari spun quickly on the ball of her foot.
38 Chapter

Johnari was still trying to understand Tiran’s weird request. 
as she dressed in a leather crop top and spandex tights. 
The padded chest and leg armor went on next, and she studied herself in the mirror.
 Tiran wanted to spar with her this afternoon. 
He claimed it would be a good diversion for both. 
and a chance for him to see the ancient fighting style the Algul was known for.
She entered the basement gym already pumped with adrenaline from fear. 
She would have to touch Tiran to fight, and the lust would be out of control.  
He was sitting on a weight bench waiting for her. 
and he smiled genuinely for the first time. 
hitting Johnari like a fist to the gut. He was so handsome. 
and the sexiness of his smile nearly undid her. 
“For a minute I thought maybe you had changed your mind” he spoke walking towards her. 
His swagger directed Johnari’s eyes to his hips and then his large thighs. 
Stallion immediately came to mind when the corded muscles flexed with each step. 
The crotch of his pants did not go unnoticed either. 
as the bulge sitting snug on his left leg made her mouth water. 
She knew his erection would be important if she ever got to see it. 
When her hand paused over the whip Tiran’s breath caught in his chest, 
and when she passed over it, he let it go disappointed.
She had him in a headlock with her legs wrapped around his neck. 
and his left arm trapped between her thighs over-extending the joint painfully. 
as she applied pressure on his wrist. The more he gasped for air. 
the more he could smell her arousal. He was inches away from the apex. 
he desperately wanted to taste. He lifted himself up onto his knees.
folding her legs high against her shoulders giving him 
the perfect view of the wet stain covering her mound. 
He dipped his head between her legs and covered her sex. 
with his mouth gripping it between his lips. Her thighs squeezed harder against his head. 
when he licked the fabric over her swollen nub. Shudders racked Johnari’s body as she climaxed. 
The lusty moan excited him as he yanked her pants at the waist. 
and pulled them down. The course hairs glistening on her pussy. 
as he began to lick harder and suck on it. 
Johnari tried to scoot herself away but when two of his fingers entered her channel. 
she cried out in ecstasy. Tiran had never put his mouth on a woman so eagerly.
 or with such intensity as he was doing with Johnari. Her musky scent
 and tight opening called to him as his dick swelled even harder throbbing to pound into her. 
He pushed his shorts down far enough to free himself, 
and with hand pumped his cock as the other held her pink folds open to tongue. 
As her body trembled with her next climax, Tiran rose pumping vigorously on himself. 
until he erupted onto her stomach in thick white streams. 
Both breathing hard he leaned over her with his arms on either side of her head. 
She would not look at him but turned her head to the side as tears streamed across her nose. 
“Please get off me” she asked pushing against his chest as she rolled herself away. 
“Johnari” Tiran called to her, but she ran out of the room as quickly as she could. 
“Fuck!” Tiran yelled as he pounded his fist to the floor. This was not what he had in mind to do at all. 
He snatched his pants back up and headed to the shower.

Johnari slammed the door to her bedroom barricading it with her body. 
She had not cried from embarrassment, but from the tangled emotions of his pleasure. 
consuming her body and then the intense sense of regret he felt after his release. 
Another person who did not want her. She had been used by others in several ways. 
but never like this. She filled the tub with hot water and mineral salts.
 before easing her aching body into it. Her sobs echoed off the marble tile. 
as Tiran reached his fist up to the door. She felt him again, filled with regret. 
and sobbed even harder as his presence disappeared just as suddenly as it came. 
Regardless of what her duties were. Johnari knew that she would be leaving in the morning of her own accord. 
She would beg Okikki if she had to, to send someone else in her place. 
She slipped into bed and slept soundlessly content with her decision.




Chapter 39


Urbi
did not have a corporal punishment system there was only execution. 
or fate a bloodletting process that wiped your memories and placed the condemned. 
in a comatose state you were then preserved in stasis 
until the Council themes you vital to society the blood is stored to retain the knowledge 
for future use or did is destroy to prevent pollution of the coven 
She went to the ball and extracted the decanter which held doctors blow it. 
There was a cup full left after drinking it over the years. 
When her research did not go the way, she had wanted. 
and garner any results within a year there were only five specimens left.

DA Salvation: hurried down the dark corridor expecting to get caught at any moment. 
It had been too easy to deactivate the locks on her door. 
She had hidden her abilities from her captors over the years. 
Once she realized that it would do her more harm than good, 
and began to plot her escape.  
All her senses had improved so much over time. 
and were still progressing.  In the chaos that ensued after the ship crashed, 
She had assessed her memory on the keypad that unlocked her door.  
After several tries, she had finally managed to enter the correct sequence of numbers. 
and the door slid open. She had let it close for the final time without the feeling of being trapped.

She timed the guard intervals after the staff left the labs. 
and this was the only time they were away for the longest duration.  
Kianga kept counting in her head the minutes as they ticked by, 
She had about fifteen minutes until a guard would check the status in the lab and sound an alarm.  
The only thing that slowed her down was that she had no idea how to navigate through the ship.  
She unconsciously held her breath when she stopped to listen to anything or anyone.  
Her hearing could detect the slightest sound, even a heartbeat. 

Assured that no one was around she continued to the end of the hall.  
Peaking around every corner she had to wonder where everyone else was. 
“Maybe they did know she was on the loose” she panicked, “
and this was just another test, and they would ambush her before she made it too far” she thought.
Caught unawares by the opening of a door, Kianga quickly ducked into an alcove (add more). 
A woman wearing a servant’s uniform and a guard stepped onto the floor and headed her way.  
Kianga flattens her body as much as she could to the back part of the wall as the footsteps grew closer.  

They stopped before reaching her as she waited terrified of being found. 
She checked the hall as the two people fondled each other. 
and the girl fumbled with a card in her hand that she kept waving on the side of the door, 
When it finally opened the pair disappeared inside. She ran a short distance to the end of the hall. 
and stopped in front of a wall terminal, she quickly studied the diagram it displayed. 
A three-dimensional map of the ship that displayed every corridor, compartment, and exit. 

She swiped her hand across the glass and the next frame appeared. 
and showed her a maintenance grid of the ship’s circuits, ventilation, and other inner mechanisms.  
She located where she was on the map and how to get to the nearest exit. (add more)
Kianga darted into the restroom next to the room the guard and girl had entered. 
Her memory of the ships map ingrained to her told her they occupied a utility closet. 
She only had to hide long enough for them to get what they needed and leave. 

She listened as things got moved around and then got quiet. 
After a few moments she could hear the heavy breathing. 
and moaning through the wall and a constant thumping sound which was not a heart. 
Their heartbeats raced faster than before, and this sound was louder and steady. 
Kianga could smell the mixed and heady scents of their bodies drifting through the connecting vent in the wall.

 After being with Jaha in an intimate way she assumed they were mating. 
It never occurred to her that people would do it spontaneously with each other. 
She was also intrigued that they were finding pleasure in the action which she never could. 
The loud moans abated as the thumping stopped. She could hear the woman giggle among the shuffling. 
and then the door opened and closed. 

The heavier footsteps walked in the opposite direction. 
as the lighter ones stopped in front of the restroom doors. 
The door opened and Kianga hid behind a partition separating the stalls. 
as the girl walked to sink and began studying her reflection in the mirror. 
When she pounced on the girl, Kianga had no thought or premeditation of what she was doing.  
She had just acted out of fear of being discovered.  She wrapped an arm around her neck. 
and squeezed tightly until the squirming and gasping ceased to exist. 

Then she dragged the body into one of the stalls and closed the door. 
She placed her ear to the door before opening it slightly to check for the guard. 
There was no one in the hallway so she made her way to the transport the duo had arrived on. 
Frantically tapping on the wall panel as a red light blinked each time alerting her it was locked. 

She finally remembered the card she had seen at the servant’s place on the keypad. 
and ran back to the restroom and fished out her prize from the girl’s pocket.
She made her way back to the lift and hopped aboard when it reached the next level. 
and the doors opened two guards were waiting in the hallway.  

Instinct once again took over as Kianga charged the men. 
moving so fast they had no time to react when she tackled one to the ground. 
knocking him out cold and then slamming the other guard into the wall 
With enough force that his skull cracked leaving streaks of blood behind it as his body slid down to the floor.

The end of the hall opened into a large room filled with metal crates stacked on top of each other. 
Shelves lined up the walls stocked with other bags and boxes. 
She dipped in between a stack of crates as crew members were moved about their work. 
and chatted with other guards lounging around. Moving through the winding rows 
She made her way to the entrance but the large gap of space between her. 
and freedom meant she would surely be seen making her exit.
 
She had not heard the man come up behind her over the thumping in her chest. 
that echoed loudly in her ears until his scent caught her attention.  
She crouched down and spun around springing onto action slashing into his face and neck.  
He fell into a stack of crates screaming and choking on his blood as the crates crashed to the ground.  
Crew members and guards all came to attention racing to scene of the disturbance.  
“What the hell is it” a crew member asked wide eyed as 
He came to a sudden halt next to a guard that had his gun aimed at Kianga. 

She launched into the air flying over their heads into a somersault. 
and came down slashing her claws into their backs.  
The bodies dropped face first into the floor a mass of severed bones and entrails.  
Tiny stings bombarded her body, and she took off for the open bay doors as rounds fired behind her.  

The dreadful symphony of the dark forest. fear so powerful it becomes your only emotion.  
she could smell a multitude of aromas, but it was difficult around her own stench. 
She had lost track of the others at the cliffs. in the chaos, she was surprised any of them had made it that far. 
howls in the distance made her move just a little faster.
 
Her terrified feet bleeding scraped and bruised from the countless rocks and sticks. 
that seemed like they were protruding from the ground. the soles of her feet to her lower lumber are hurt, 
and she lost her last flip flop about a mile back.

Her toes are cold as ice and throbbing, her legs are tired as hell. and she is out of breath, 
damn near choking on the mixture of sweat and mucus draining from her sinuses. 
Audrea can hear their feet rustling against the leaves after her, 
horrified about what would happen if they caught. How far does this damn hill go up?

She became a blur in the night as she raced into a copse of heavy foliage. 
and thick trunks of the massive trees composing the lush jungle. 
She stumbled through the clay mud as the large leaves slapped her face. 
Hoots and howls, scratching and slithering, the noise of her surroundings was unfamiliar.

One sound grew louder as she reached a clearing where the land stopped, split in half by the water roaring passing through it. 
Behind her she could hear the rustle of the leaves as a search party moved closer to her. 
The dim light of the floating orbs moving over the vegetation told her she had no time to spare.
Searching for a way to cross the water with no luck she dived in 
just as the red glowing orb alerted the others of her position as the cold current pulled her away.

Melissa ran across the muddy ground swiftly into a copse of wild grass and vegetations. the large thick palms slapping her against her face and body as she changed into the unknown invading her sensitive hearing the sounds of hoofing, animals, scratching on the bark of the trees, flapping of wings and the slither of all things moving on the ground, when she came upon an area of dense foliage she slid to a stop as the land separated in front of her. the roar of the water misted and foamed as it moved along rapidly on its own path, through the jungle. Behind her she could hear the rustle of bananas and the crunch of leaves and sticks as her pursuers closed the distance. She searched for a way running along the bank of the river to no avail. An orb burst out of the leaves and the yellow light turned red flashing in the night. she looked to the water and leapt, either she would gain freedom or death she thought as the cold current rushed her away.



“This is the last supply of the vaccine Dr. Wura produced” Laster told the members of the council.  
Each member of the Adedeji council placed the injection pens on their necks. 
and dosed themselves with the vaccine and entered the stasis pods.  
As the lids closed, Laster smiled internally.  

They thought to awaken on earth, a new world to despoil and control with the power of Dr. Wura’s research, 
that wasn’t going to happen.  The vaccine they were given was the concentrated virus. 
With so much invading their system, they had no defense even with their quick regenerative cycle.  
She initiated the quarantine protocol sealing the pods preventing them from escaping.  
Laster peered into Bourdin’s capsule, the sleeping gas had his eyes drifting closed, 
but he sneered at Laster when he caught sight of her.

She laughed and flipped the comms switch, “You old fool, you should. 
have been much nicer to the one person that controlled your fate. 
She sweetly mocked him. His face began to ripple with scourging bubbles. 
under his skin grotesquely bulging his features and causing blood to pour from every orifice. 
The other pods began to flash their alert systems as the other members met their similar fates.
 
Laster Silenced each alert and tucked the capsules into their chutes. 
The race was better off without them, she told herself as she walked to Prince Tiran’s capsule.  
She ran her hand across the seal of the royal crest forged into the ilmenite casket.  
She will continue to ensure his success and that of her species no matter what she had to do to secure her goal.

high you self-centered little bitch you think because you are pretty. 
SGOT is ins the backing this investigation that you get to run around. 
acting bed is real killers the car he yells grab served. 
By the thorough inputs, the Gunter does not know how wrong you are.
 knees you knew who you truly were Fluck. 
and weed you would walk that stuck up ass of yours out of my sight. 
for my bottom class that sticks his gun in them 
and make splendors he shoves her away detected. 
the Kari gags on their backs away from Johnari
trying her best to cover her fear with well little composure she had left.



(?) sat in the middle of the bed…
At least six feet 280 pounds of masculinity stood before her. She stared at the elegant body with sculpted pectorals, thick thighs, and ribbed abdomen.
She had thick bow-shaped lips, wide shaped hips, and voluptuous breasts.

(?) and (?) entered the bedroom wearing nothing more than gold chains which wrapped around their bodies. Each held a small knife with Ivory hilts. They climbed onto the bed and lay on opposite sides of the (?). “This is an honor to serve you” (?) whispered as she drew the sheet down revealing (?) breasts.
“I’ve thought of us all together like this” (?) said softly kissing lightly on (?) shoulders.

(?) walked up the foot of the bed. His eyes following the path of the women’s hands as they traveled up and down to one another. The scent of their arousal tensed his body with anticipation. His hunger grew when they began making superficial cuts along her arms and legs. The pounding in his chest turned into a growl moving up his throat. The women grabbed her wrists and wrapped the leather cuffs around them. They hooked them to chains connected to the wooden bedposts.

(?) squirmed on the bed as the passion rolled over her body. Moaning at the loss of their heat as they climbed out of the bed. Moaning more at the spicy heavy scent seeping off (?) body. The incredible ache throbbing between her legs gnawed down her sense leaving her mindless to anything else.

(?) reached crawled up the bed and licked the first cut on the calf of her leg. He let his tongue follow the stream of blood and sucked gently. (?) felt the pull of his mouth filling her with pleasure. (?) reached the next cut on her thigh and lapped at the blood that drizzled down. So close was his mouth near her moist center an anxious shiver made his engorged cock twitch. (?) reached out to her breast massaging the plump globe and squeezing her nipple.

(?) could not help but squirm.




Johnari sat in the middle of the bed Chi-Chi and Nanisca answered the wrong clad ending only gold chains and wrapped around their bodies each out a small knife no bigger than a nail file with ivory hills they climbed into bed next to Johnari lying on opposite sides this is an honor my clean meniscal whisper as she drew down the sheet revealing Johnari's nakedness dreams for us all be together Chi-Chi says softly as she kiss slightly on Johnari shoulder chair and walked to the foot of the bed his eyes following the path of the women fans as they traveled up and down his bride's body the scent of their route fulfilling the room every muscle in his body tensed with his own culminating passion his hunger rage is the scent of her blood reached him the growling in his chest become louder as her moans echoed through his body than this kind Chi-Chi each took one of her wrist and wrapped leather costs to the hook the chains connected to the bed there will ring on the code and then locked it in place Johnari squirmed on the bed as the presence consumed her moaning from the loss of her friends and the love they provided and in agony from Terrence sent the spicy heavy fragrance seeping through his sports his grouse calling to the animal inside or clawing to be free

the incredible ache between her legs nine at her senses leaving her mindless of anything else Taryn crawled across the bed nostrils flaring a stay led him to the first cut on the Overly he led the stream of blood back to its source and began sucking harshly as the copper taste filled his mouth Johnari could feel every pool as they left her body each one filling her with great pleasure to read reach the next cut on top of hers by repeating the same deliberate motion with his tongue lapping the blood that failed to her in her five fires so close now and he was to her soaked sex the smell of her juices and blood made his body shiver down to the engorged cox switching between his legs he stretched his right arm across her stomach and roughly massaged her left breast when he squeezed her nipple hard she ya in while contortions calls in his body to quiver Whitney keeping her from touching him a low guttural sound emanated from her throat as her body arched off the VA digging the back of her head deeper into the lush pillow she was no longer in control of her own body.



She held his face in the palm of her hands and used her thumbs to wipe his tears.  Her heartfelt words to assuage his guilty conscience.  She pressed into his emotions and against the side of his body intimately and wrapped her arms around him.  
As soon as the storm passes, we will head out and find help for you.
crawling over the wooded landscape, sudden thud against the door the startles into a defensive position, weaker scurried to  hide as others picked up weapons, heavy thud, round of squeals from the frightened.


He realized he should have released her when the news about her abduction was made public.  He laughed despite the outcome for he had just conceded that he would indeed kill her.  He would stalk humans at night, male or female to get the urges to stop. They were painful at first and the anxiety alone drove him crazy.  
He hated these days of peace, but he could never control the bloodlust.  This satisfied all the tension of his mind and body. He was notoriously charismatic, no deviant behavior or anger management problems, a true psychopath regardless of whether he was intelligent, cunning, and malicious.  His narcissism allowed him all confidence that they would never know his identity, and he would be free to continue for as long as he wanted. Shigidi stared down at his extremely hardened penis.  Just remembering his exploits could make him ejaculate when he had Ruppion in his system.  
He disrobed and slid into bed next to her, “Hello sweetie” he whispered to the back of head.  “And how are you feeling?” he asked rubbing her soft kinky hair off the side of her face.” “As you were promised I will let you go tonight but only after we spend just a few more precious moments together ok” he lied to her. The copper taste and stinging pain in her jaw were the first of many things to assault her senses when tried to open her eyes with little success as the swelling engulfed her face.
 “Where?” she wondered as she tried to clear her head.  How long had she been here now? Days might have passed without knowing due to the steady pace of abuse, Anika rolled her head to face him.  Her wrists were burning from the ropes that bound her; she had been terrified of him from the moment they met.  
	His dark skin was covered with tribal marks and battle scars, the visage of a warrior that had been victorious during the wars.  His thick coarse hair dangled in tangled strings around his face.  Anika regretted not listening to her intuition when he approached her on the street.  She should have declined his offer of assistance, and the other servants that were with her would have readily helped if he retaliated for the declination.  
His hands were sliding like snakes over her body as he groped her private parts.  Anika was glad she could not see what was being done to her.  The excitement in his eyes during these moments made her sick to her stomach. She could hear the squishing sound of his spit in her ear as he licked it and Shigidi’s tongue moved slowly down in circles to the base of her neck.  Shigidi’s weight lifted from the bed and Anika could hear the heavy footfalls moving around the room.  She knew he was gathering his toys for play.
He spread her legs apart and tied leather straps on her ankles, and then to the foot posts.  He was gentle with her now, but Anika the worst was still to come.  He came to the head of the bed, and she could feel the sting of the needle and the rush of Ruppion as it entered her vein. 
Those instincts of hers were firing off again, and this time she trusted what they told her. He was going to keep his promise and release her.  This would be the last time anyone would see her alive.  After various violent and sexual degradations, he strangled her. The exuberance he felt squeezing that tiny little neck was wonderful.  

(?) opened her eyes at the sound of the first footstep creaking the boards of the stairs. The heavy stomps echoed from the landing down the hall to the door. He entered the room and stopped by her bed. His labored breathing and disgusting smell made him clinch her eyes tighter when he drew back her covers. 
She began crying silently, feeling his cold firsthand, her body removing her underwear. He climbed on top of her the weight of his piggish body pressing her into the mattress.
Her body and the twin bed rocked with each thrust he impaled into her. She hated her body for being the object of his affections and giving him the pleasure he sought from her so often. The moaning and filthy sweat coming from him made her gag, but she also knew it would be over soon. The fat slob left as quickly as he had come, and she ran into her bathroom when the door was locked behind him. The water and soap were the relief she would find. She poured a cup of bleach into the bath and climbed into it. Wincing at the sting of water scalding her dirty flesh.


DA INQUIRY UNIT

Her body was found in a laundry room in the basement of the apartments with stab wounds, the victim of a rape. 
She was only wearing a tank top, shorts, with no underwear or shoes.
 (Anyone with information is asked to contact Sgt. (?) 
at (317)327-5555 or call crime stoppers at (317) 262-TIPS.
She had been shot once in the head execution style. 
and left in a field just off U.S route (?) near (?).

Her body was discovered by a farmer plowing his fields. 
when he ran over the victims’ legs with his tractor two days later.  
Heavy rain from the previous nights had washed away most of the physical evidence. 
The murder weapon is a .38 caliber handgun. 
identified from the slug in the ground near the body.



The black SUV skated in the gravel kicking up dust and throwing rocks as it sped into the warehouse parking lot. Johnari shoves (?) behind her, taking aim at the dark figures exiting the vehicle. “It's us warrior,” a deep voice immediately announces the smoke billowing around her obscures her view, so she calls out. “Stay there, you move another inch, and I let loose the entire clip!”  (?) face became clear, and she lowered her weapon.
(?) rushes to him the moment she realizes who he is. “Oh, I knew you had come! I love you!” she screams through her sobbing crushing herself into his arms. Johnari has a surprised expression. Bharati hugs (?) and soothingly caresses her back. “I would never leave you sweetheart” he said, “I have you back and I'll never let anyone near you again baby I'm so sorry I let you down.”
After all I have been through to be by your side you mean you are fucking her!” Johnari swung her fist as hard as she could into his nose  causing his head to snap back. his body followed as she advanced with heated fury.  Johnari kicked out and catching him just above the knee snapping his leg in a painful unnatural direction. The popping sound of the joint was music to her ears his roar of agony slowed her momentum long enough for him to grab hold of her waist with both farms and drag her to the ground he straddles her pinning her to the ground putting his full way into her shoulders with his hands. “Son of a bitch get off me!” she cries angrily. “I’ll fucking kill you!”  “You embarrassed me, manipulate me and then you throw me to the side like shit!” she cried tears streaming down her face. “Stop this Johnari!” he yells over her raging tirade. Johnari bucks wildly trying to unseat him she throws her leg out catching his now dislocated knee. When he doubled over in pain, she bucks again throwing him off. She scrambles to her feet and runs to the gun under the truck listening to himself on one knee cradling his bad leg with his hands and resting on the side of the truck.
 Johnari aims the gun center at his chest with the gun ready to fire. the other men laugh as she slowly backs her way around the vehicle facing everyone else. She stops at the body of the dead guard relieving him of his weapon.
 “You won't get very for far Johnari,” Bharati chuckled lifting himself dragging his broken leg as he stood. A face full of blood,  he wipes away with his arm and his eyes never leaving hers. Johnari smiled sweetly as she opens the door “you'll be too busy trying to save yourself” as though she jeers and launches a flash grenade at them. guns go off in succession chasing her as she ran full speed down the corridor. she hauls ass up the stairs taking them two at a time.  she lets another grenade go down the stairs on stomping of heavy boots closes the gap behind her. “ let's get out of here”,  Bharati orders Nigerian to the back of the truck. Bharati watches Johnari leap across the rooftops off speak to you once I get her settled down captive Bharati spoke over his shoulder damn right you will he reply the drive back was silent the two cars in the front kept their eyes on watch while not dairy stared into the night out the window how could she have been so gullible the entire time he use her feelings for him to get what he wanted she realized that he cared nothing about her life could've easily faded out on this mission her heart ache tremendously she was just another asset tilling expendable when time came that she had no more usefulness


Zakaru swept through the tunnels outwardly floating on air. The moon’s blood eclipse was for months away. 
and they still could not find a body suitable enough for the Mistress Lekysha. 
The Kingu Serpents had grown into an enormously powerful underworld organization over the last two decades. 
His spies in Tokair Throne had yet to discover the whereabouts of the vessel, 
Lekysha would need her to return to this realm. He himself had been reborn by the loyal members almost four hundred years earlier. 
His existence tormented him with longing for his true love. He had collected all the necessary tools to perform the ritual. 
except for the body of and original descendant, the prophetic reincarnation of the 

Johnari is possessed by the Ahosi & coming close to death allows the Ahosi to manifest and control her body.
Strong enough to get into the top five ranking in the battle competition for the Queens guard.  
The winner is betrothed to the king, the remaining four become Black Guard soldiers for the queen.
Johnari is sent by her clan to compete for the top five, they want her to retrieve the location of their "ark of the covenant", 
which was taken away from them when they went "Separatist". 
It contains the essence of their Ancestors, and they cannot use their abilities to full capacity without it being in their vicinity.

Broke his grip and launched her knee into his groin. When he hunched over, clutching himself, she shoved as hard as she could against his shoulders and sent him tumbling to the floor.

Shot in the leg, whizzing bullets, she runs towards the exit. Bursting through the doors racing into the forest. The guards follow quickly behind her releasing the light orbs. Falls down a hill and into the rushing waters of the river.
She felt the bitter cold of the night laying lifeless on the bank of the river lapped by the freezing water trying to take her back into its watery death.
She tells him that they must call off the hit because the man is his son. He yells “This is all your fault, if he had been raised by me, all that strength and loyalty would be his to use. Instead, his own son was in the hands of his enemy.

Shrieking with rage and eyes blazing, gasping for breath until she recovered long enough to speak. Smiled faintly, before he continued in a (?) tone. (?) glanced at (?) noting the brief flicker of (?) on his face.
The soft shuffle of feet, his craggy old face melted.

Relics of a time forgotten a deep hearty laugh. Raised her hand to her mouth in horror. His expression hardened. (?) looked down and rubbed the back of his neck and responded gravely. Knowing the steely look in his eyes meant trouble. He drew himself up and placed his hips direct. The voice quivered slightly, asked bemused, stared back defiantly gestured towards the entrance. It was an unpleasant sound.

He looked solid enough, smiled and raised his hands attempting to placate her into trusting him. The smile faded. The room would explode into violence at any second. She snarled, revealing spiny fangs. She scrambled out of reach before the attack hit her. 

She stared at (?) with a bitter hatred. Slapped his hand off her shoulder. Her voice, an anguished pitch, eyes rolled into her head and began to shudder. Hand whipped through the air quickly landing hard against the side of her head. She staggered back reeling from the blow. Got struck just as quickly with a second blow that knocked her to the ground.

(?) examined the collar which was firmly looked around her neck. Sinking into despair she studied her surroundings. The cave was retrofitted a long time ago to hold prisoners. Heavy chains hung from the walls; a large boulder stained with blood sat in the middle. Damned if she had not traded one prison for another.

She crept slowly around shining the flashlight over the dark shapes. She could hear the low humming of the wind as it rustled the leaves floating around. The pounding of her heart and rasping of her nervous breaths complimented the dreadful symphony of the dark forest. Fear was overpowering her	senses, and she could smell a multitude of new aromas including the stench emanating from herself.
She long since lost track of the others in her feverous rush to escape. The howls and mutterings of creature’s unknown to her caused panic 

The frigid air stung her face as she inched her way along the narrow path covered in slick moss.

We are believed to be the cursed descendants of Kiya, our blood essence is linked to the mother. Our history depicts a time where the great beloved wife had the heart of the Pharaoh. but the beautiful one, the first wife, despised her for this. Once she learned the beloved child was a boy, she became enraged.  So, she accused the Beloved wife of adultery and the baby the product of her betrayal. 
Kiya feared for her life and fled the kingdom with her child.
The Queen, revenge unsatisfied sought the help of Sekhmet the goddess, who cursed the child with a bloodlust for his own bloodline, giving the queen what she wanted, no heirs to the throne.
Kiya traveled with a Bedouins tribe of mystics, who found her lost in the desert. she searched for a cure for her son in many different lands praying to many different gods. Until she found the Fae of the Sile Kan, but their magic had an adverse reaction to his curse, and he raged in a bloodlust killing the Dark Fae shaman and absorbing her dark essence.
She returned to the kingdom to get revenge on the Queen, the great royal wife. disguised as a slave she entered the palace and poisoned all the water and wine vases. one by one the people in the palace became ill and died. Kiya then revealed herself to the queen who lay dying in her bed. "How does it feel to watch your family die my lady, your beautiful daughters, your beloved Pharaoh, our beloved husband who has betrayed me and our son. the great prince which you have cursed with your hate who lived painfully.
"What lies do you tell?" the king asked, Kiya told the king of the queen’s treachery, before she could tell him of his son's fate, the princess bludgeons Kiya, crushing her skull killing her. The king had her body entombed secretly and sent his mages to find his son. He ordered her name and likeness removed from every writing and portrait.
killing everyone, except those who carried the "Anomalies factor", or gene related to the "Nephilim bloodlines". 

his mother drugged him, and killed him in his sleep, the light sage consumed his dark essence and walked into the fade, (purgatory, veil). They both will stay trapped in the veil until they find a powerful enough host, a gatekeeper like the sage.
 the sage order dismembered his body and buried the limbs in distinct parts of the world, a map of each grave was written in the tablets of destiny.


Shigidi himself had no worries when the call ended.  He walked to the Gene Pulser Electroporater and loaded a new batch of cell into the pipette tip and placed it into the machine.  Selecting the required protocol, he started it, grabbed the previous batch, and put it under the confocal microscope. 
The addition of Therian DNA with human stem cells had given him a way to preserve their DNA from becoming more susceptible to the virus. He rubbed at his temples tired from days without sleep or feeding.  The tension and frustration he felt he needed release. 
Before the pressure building inside of him exploded. He collected all the samples and stored them back in the cryogenic containers. He then made sure to power down all the machines, he was cautious about the amount of power he used in the lab to prevent the utilities company from noticing.  
Slipping out through the false wall in the basement he locked up and headed out.  Trolling the area of East Washington St.., he spotted a pretty girl her creamy skin glowing against the dim streetlights. Her curly brown ponytail bounced behind her head as she swayed along the curb. 
Parading in a tank top covering small breasts and pudgy stomach. Her daisy dukes looked more like blue jean thongs as they rode up her thick thighs and caught between two ample cheeks. Shigidi parked the car around the corner in the shadow of the streetlight and watched.
Looking for police or stingers waiting to make quota for the night. He walked past the girl and her friend a headed across the street into a Mexican restaurant, after he ordered a couple street tacos and returned his attention to the girl. 
He studied her to be sure she was a prostitute before he acquired her services. The pustules dotting her face and arms which she scratched vigorously, and the erratic movements gave him an exceptionally good impression that she was an addict trying to raise money for her next score. 
He paid for his order and approached the girl as he hit the corner. “Meet me around the corner in five minutes” he spoke but kept walking until he reached his car. window. Just as he directed, she came up on the passenger side and looked in the window. He waved her inside and pulled her off from the curb.
Driving through the neighborhood and parking in front of an empty house located on a dead end. He shut the car and lights off, then undid his pants pulling them down under his butt exposing his flaccid penis. 
“Get it hard” he demanded grabbing the ponytail and forcing her head into his lap.  As she suckled the head and pumped him into an erection Shigidi reached under her arm and grabbed a breast kneading the soft tissue in his hand.  
He reached into the kangaroo pouch on the back of the passenger seat and had removed a clear squeezed bottle and washcloth. Laying the rag on top of her ass her poured a generous amount of the liquid on it and held it in his hand. When his hips began to buck hard into her face, eyes rolled back into his head as he sprayed his release down her throat. 
As she rose to release his cock from her mouth, Shigidi yanked her head back pinning it between his lap and the steering column shoving the chloroform laced cloth into her face. She struggled briefly clawing at his hands and arms before pounding her fist into his groin painfully.  
Shigidi admired the fight in the small body which he knew was no match against his considerable strength although his aching dick disagreed. When her body finally went completely still, he placed her upright in the passenger seat and buckled her in. 
When he finished adjusting his pants, he looked at his passenger mesmerized by the beauty of her face created by the death like sleep. He found himself hardening again knowing what he had in store for her. He released her ponytail, fanning the hair through his fingers as he combed the soft locks out. 
He started the car and stopped at the intersection. Turning the volume up on his radio he pulled out and drove into the night singing along to “Superstition” by Stevie Wonder.
Shigidi looked over at the woman he had had her going on three days now. 


Quinten sat in his 1969 Pontiac Firebird. a two-door hardtop bequeathed to him from an aunt whose husband died. After sitting on the side of his barn for 30 years(1999). It had taken him another (?)years and $10,900 to restore it to pristine condition.
Upgraded with A Fresh 350 Engine, Factory Air Conditioning Updated With R134 And Newer Compressor, 3 Speed Turbo Hydro-Matic Automatic Transmission, Console Floor Shifter, Custom Pontiac Wood Steering Wheel, Walnut Dash And Console Finish, Black Bucket Interior, BFG Raised White Letter Tires Mounted On Rally II Wheel Vaniqua’s Wheels. Factory Limelight Green, and an odometer of 63,366 miles.  He had named it “Ivy” mostly because of the paint.
*****
He was smoking high grade weed in the park on Lamplighter Hill, (describe the historic park & name)He did not want to get out of his car. He had decided to park there instead of getting a DUI since he had been drinking at the (bar). He got out to climb into the back seat to stretch out comfortably when head lights drew closer to the overgrown section of the park.
He did not recognize what kind of car it was, looked like one of those new hybrid model clown cars. Whoever it was he figured he was better off than him. This time of night the only thing going on were tricks. 
He slumped down, pulling his hood over his head and his jacket over his shoulder and began to nod off. He hears panicked pleading and when he peeks out the car window, he sees the man struggling with the woman before her body goes limp. He could not believe what he had just witnessed, a woman strangled to death. He grabbed the gun from under the driver seat and jumped out of the car. 
“Get away from her, you hear me,” “The fuck you think you doing?” Quinten yelled at the figure scrambling to get back into his car. The engine revved and tires squealed as the car peeled out of the park and raced down state road.
He knelt over the woman, “Hey you good miss?” He shook the lady, but she did not respond. He called 911 and reported the assault. He thought about it and got the hell out of there. He had not made the drop to Deric yet, so the drugs were still in his car. They could not search ‘Ivy.’



Caven walked through the crowd of gawkers to the barrier.  He could see Anika’s body surrounded by trash; she looked nothing of her former self. He did not know if he felt more grief than anger.  Anika was just a child still to Caven, the little sister did with the happy spirit. On the day, his father announced that she had been chosen as an Ovien the entire Oduna celebrated.  Anika was the first female in hundreds of years to have that honor.  His ancestor Zira had the previous honor of birthing four sons to the pureblood General Aikusoe.  Oduna Asunsum was a great noble house today due to that.  The eldest son Edohen was chief of the coven now and Anika was to be his bride.
	She did not deserve the fate which was cast.  An IMPD officer noticed the brand on his neck and confronted him.  “Excuse me, are you the emissary from Asunsum sir?” he inquired, he had to be a member of the Inquiry Unit. They had numerous agents in every branch of police and government agencies.  “Yes, I am here to collect the body.” Caven snapped at him.  It was becoming hard to control the emotions he felt. And this nonchalant bastard would be the first on the receiving end of his rage.  
The officer gazed with narrow eyes at Caven but avoided creating a confrontation.  “You can come pick her up on McCarthy St. from the coroner’s Office. We will bring her body to you there once the detectives and crime scene unit has finished here” the man directed. Caven turned to leave, “you will cover her body immediately to negate any further disgrace upon my house, is that clear” he demanded. The man inched away from the barrier as Caven walked away then hurried back to the scene to do as suggested.  As he approached the transport his senses piqued the presence around him.  Caven scanned his surroundings slowly before speaking, “Who are you?” he questioned the unknown.  “Your very perceptive aren’t you” stated a feminine voice. “And you’ve been stalking me, again who are you?” Caven demanded.  
A cloudy figure materialized over his left shoulder without taking a clear form and hovered over the ground.  “We have the same Master warrior,” “I am here solely to do his bidding the same as you” she told him circling around as if pacing.”  “What purpose do you have to be here if I was sent to do such an easy task” Caven asked. “Just to observe in silence the progress of the investigation. I have talents which you do not to gather information which otherwise may not be forthcoming” she answered in a matter-of-fact way as her floating stopped before him.  

Caven drove up the wooded private lane to the majestic stone mansion which sat on three beautifully landscaped acres in Carmel.  He parked his Black ’71 dodge charger in the back of the servant’s quarters, which was separate from the main house.  He saw Karasi leaning against his door when he reached the top of the stairs.  He had the entire top floor of the three-story house with converted Attic space.  “What is it Karasi” he asked trying to keep the irritation from his voice as he approached the man who had become a lover.
“I wondered how you were after hearing what happened to Anika” he replied soothingly, the sorrow in his eyes was evidence of how he cared for Caven, and he had regretted that he was unable to reciprocate those feelings. Caven entered his room dimly lit and sparse of furniture. “Thanks man, but right now my mood is not fitting for guests” he signed exasperated to have to find excuses to be alone.
He shook free of his coat and released his shoulder holster that held his twin daggers. Karasi had seated himself already and the end of his bed, lounging sideways with his arm draped over the rail of the footboard.  “Hey, I understand the difficult things that happened today”, “and I just wanted to make sure you were going to ok if that’s even possible at the moment”. Karasi spoke settling his elbows across his knees looking into the palms of his hands.
The younger man was seriously attractive and sported a chiseled chest and stone abdominal muscles. His dark bronze coloring was favored among most masters and nobility who sought pleasure from the house slaves at their demand.  Caven reached for him, dragging him up with his arm off the bed and Karasi planted his feet firmly in front of him as he leaned into his body and gently ran his free hand down Caven’s chest, and lower to his crotch. Kneading the area with his knuckles until he felt the first signs of arousal.
“You need this right now, let me help you calm your anger” Karasi pleaded his own stirrings of an erection building in anxiousness between his legs.  He kissed Caven on the collar and felt him go rigid when he unzipped his pants and freed his cock. The weight of the massive member as it fell into his palm excited Karasi, who was able to rub his own bulging erection against it. “Why can’t you just do as your told” Caven growled his voice husky with craving.  He forced Karasi back onto the bed and stepped in between his thighs. Stroking his erection with a firm grip he waved it in Karasi’s face. The engorged head dripping already with pre-cum that waited to be tasted.
Karasi freed himself and masturbated as licked the head indulging himself in the musky scent and salty taste. Caven snatched a handful of hair drawing Karasi closer as he rubbed himself along the rim of Karasi’s mouth. With his tongue hanging out of his mouth like a panting dog, Karasi opened wider, inviting Caven as he pumped his hips harder. “You want to help huh?” Caven rasped, “Suck it harder!” “Yeah, suck it all in that greedy mouth”.  Karasi moaned his own pleasure as he sucked faster and stroked harder on his cock in eager anticipation of a flourishing orgasm.
Caven forced himself deeper each exquisite thrust tightened his balls, and his body tremored. He climaxed with such intensity that his body crumpled forward coming into Karasi’s mouth in pulsing spray, Karasi followed him moments later in his own delight. Karasi stood wiping his mouth resenting himself for being so needy.  For continually reaching for what he knew Caven would never give him. As he repaired his clothing to a suitable state, he wondered how long it would be before these emotions faded and he could move on.
Caven let out a shaky breath as he tried to compose what to say. He knew the time was coming to let Karasi know that their sexual appetites were not the same. He preferred women and did not have feelings for him in the capacity he longed for. He negated speaking altogether and simply walked to the door. He did not turn to face Karasi as he opened the door, and the other man moved swiftly past but hesitated before crossing over the threshold. “Others might seek to express their sorrow to you, I hope with them you won’t feel the need to be such an asshole” he murmured as he yanked the door out of Caven’s hand and let it slam shut. Caven just stood steeped in guilt at his inaction for a while before throwing himself on the bed. He knew sleep would not claim him this night and that on the morrow, He would also have to visit the family and destroy his father.

Okaiben entered the small room where his father sat on a raggedy straw and wooden bench. He tried to gather more courage as an unfamiliar anxiety crept over him. His father looked up at him, his eyes already filled with a kind of sadness Okaiben only just realized with Anika’s death.  Okaiben knelt before his father and placed his oversized hand onto a bony knee. He cleared his throat and refused to look again at his father’s face.  “Anika Baba” his voice came out hoarse and weary, “Baba she’s gone” he said. After a moment he could feel the old man’s body tremor with grief.

Ayoka floated above the statues in the garden. She could barely remember her own face and seeing it sculpted into the marble, looking at her parents laughing and holding each other as they once did and Agiso holding a baby Tiran in his lap all brought heartache. She was stuck in the fade, unable to be a part of the living realm until she found the body of her twin. Now she was trapped as a floating cloud hovering through her own life.  Adenyini would pay for what he had done to her and her beloved Agiso.  She could feel him all around her, his essence without his consciousness.  “Where are you brother?” she whispered. She knew that his heart and head still had to be intact, for they shared the same. 
But for her not to have physical form, some part of him had been detached and hidden. His two halves would have to be reunited before she could resurrect them with her blood. Adenyini thought that to be impossible, but just as the old customs required, she and the other priestesses were required to give their blood as offering to goddess. The blade on which she had used to cut her hand was still in the temple with the goddess. So was the cloth stained with blood that she had wrapped it in. Patience was all she needed, in his erratic state Adenyini was making more mistakes and he was occupied with losing the throne to Tiran than he was with what Ayoka was doing.
Okaiben was going to help her whether he knew it now or not. All she had to do was gently steer him in the right direction. If anyone could find her brother’s body, he could. And once she had revived Zemal, Adenyini would have no choice but to give her body back to her. She would have limited powers without her true form.

Hootie Stacked the boxes inside the box truck while Kimbo argued with Dickie. Dickie was the meanest of their crew, and he had been testy lately about the payouts from the runs.
"I'm telling you Kimbo, Q' ain’t been honest with the split" he snarled. "Hey man we've had more shipments, but we also got to pay the extra guys on the runs" Kimbo assured him. He was known to be the gentle giant with his friends, but he was as ruthless as they came with thugs.
"That muthafucker know that you are wasting your time dickie, stop pissing your dough out in the club on them hoes you'd have something broke nigga" Bump jeered. He was tapping up packs together and stuffing them into the plumbing pipes. The ruppion distribution was a lowkey operation worked out of the Martindale Pipe and Valve Company, manufacturing plant which supplies high-quality steel and plastic pipes, valves, and fittings. 
"Look b, b bitch" Dickie stuttered "Whatever the fuck I do with my money ain’t Yo business". "If you could both just shut up, I mean damn dickie if you are losing money faster than you make it, what the fuck could you expect but to stay broke man" Kimbo argued, and his agitation on the subject was beginning to show. The vein in his forehead swelled and the crease in the corner of his mouth was hard and tight because of his clenched jaws.
"Look Yawl, let’s get the load out and talk about it another time, just not here and not now Dickie" Kimbo said sternly to the drunken pouting man. "Yeah ok, whatever man but we will get back to it". Dickie sulked. "Where's the nigga in question anyway" Bump asked, "He ain’t covered the last two runs, ain’t earning no money but getting money, I’m just saying Kimbo the shit ain’t right. i might have been fucking with Dickie but he got a point. Some shit ain’t right" Bump complained. moving the boxes from the table to the pallet.
Kimbo was not as stupid as Dickie was dickie was thinking, the money was coming up short and Quinten acting like a boss instead of the lackey Kosoko called him was disturbing. If the top suspected theft with the returns no one was saying or noticed. Kimbo knew if Quinten were taking an extra piece, it would blow back on the crew as well. He would have to confront Q' and keep Dickie calm and quite long enough to get shit straight.





Wraith attack

Thick clouds spiraled in the sky overhead. Deafening thunder  roared as the air pressure dropped rapidly. The ground trembled, sending folks running inside to escape the rancid air and gain cover. birds fell from the sky pounding into the things below. The enormous cloud began to descend bellowing downwards in thick grey puffs. A terrifying visage as the wraths barreled down on anyone left on the street. 
Panicked and screaming they ran from the teeth and claws of the demons who snatched them away. Ghastly mutilations continued unhindered for all anyone could do was hide in fear of their lives.
The attack ended as quickly as it began leaving horror behind. Surviving residents emerged trembling with shock. The aftermath had all silent but horrific realization made them hysterical. They screamed and cried staggering through the streets. Searching through the mangled flesh for loved ones. Their weeping continued through the night as the stoic gathered remains into body bags and carried them to the morgue.

Eulalie Returns
Black screaming fog boiled at her feet and swirled up into the night. An inhuman noise that ripped through air.


Alan loaded the last box into the back of the moving van. Connie was going to love Krim's fallow he had the apartment ready for her and Ryan with new furniture and appliances no more waiting for things to get fixed he locked up in check to see if they were ready to roll out are you sure my stuff will be safe here tawny looked at the portable box held all her worldly possessions for the hundredth time 
Baby, yes, the rat said they would be here by 4 o'clock to transport. We need to hit the highway though if we want to get there by this evening companies will tell you anything does not make it true though does it is. Like you never had to wait on a as four hours before… Connie argued just that she went to cross her arms in a defined stain she noticed the large semi coming down the street will look at that Alan say smiling widely there here he joked and clapped his hands mimicking the poltergeist movie good tawny 
Sage and Alan couldn't help but laugh I can give you the numbers so you cannot apologize if you need he handed her his phone but she refused to take okay let's get out of here she laughed with him tawny can only see her future and hope it all will be worth the she refused to look back at the tiny house refused to look out the window. She closed her eyes and settled in for the long ride.
how you just gone far right seat like that though she heard Alan ask easy she replied and pull one of Ryan's blankets over her head as she rested against the window all right bit you remembered and when is your turn to drive don't keep trying to talk to me because I stand now which Alan say she just let daddy for acting mad about it and soon drifted off Alan looked in the rearview a Ryan who was busy looking around guess you are but he turns of the boy who just smiled and continued about his way he turned the radio up a little more and hit the highway.


Jaha slipped past the first corridor undetected as he searched silently through the darkness.  
He had a good sense of where the targets were being held and there were minimal guards on duty.  
The arrogance of the Inquiry unit to believe that no one would dare such a feat made it easier for him to gain entrance.  
The exits and windows were monitored, but the alarms could be disabled by an amateur.  
Upon reaching the next hallway, he listened to sounds and any movement before continuing.
Fumie dangled in pain from the beating they had given her which kept her in 
and out of consciousness, only to reawaken the putrid stench of decayed flesh. 
Decomposing bodies hung from chains and hooks around the cell.  
Rats chewed the meat from the bones of the previous tenants. 
The only thing that worried her now, “How had they known about the baby?” 
She kept trying to find an answer but thought of no one who would have betrayed her. 
The few people who knew surely had just as much to lose, all their lives would be terminated. 
While the Council had her tortured to get their questions answered. 
She had a duty to protect her family, and the rest of the village now.  
After so much time had passed, she could not stop protecting their hope now.
The door opened behind her, and she could not control her fears.  
The footsteps crept into the room surveying the bodies until he came to her.  
“I still won’t tell you anything” Fumie whispered through a labored breath.
 Jaha studied the battered woman, beaten within an inch of her life.  
He had little sympathy to give to her but released the lever that held the pulley in place to her chains. 
“That’s all I will do for you; you’re on your own” he told her. 
And quickly left to continue his mission.  If she moved quickly enough, she might just make it out the way he came, 
but it was her fate.  Jaha entered the next cell and searched the men unconscious on the floor.  
All three of the targets were there.  One by one he slits their throats. 
But as he turned to leave a guard appeared through the door.  
Jaha laid down next to his victim motionless.  
As the man neared, he kicked the corpse ordering him to wake.  
When the man did not respond the guard kicked harder 
and his head rolled to the side exposing the deep gash in his neck.  
The guard made for the exit to raise the alarm, but Jaha proved quicker.  
Jumping to his feet he attacked from behind grabbing the guard around his forehead.
 and under the chin twisting his neck behind his back.  
The popping sound alerting Jaha to his final submission.  
He dragged the dead man’s body into a corner behind the door then crept back out to escape.
Along the way he found Fumie lying on the ground inches from the exit. 
 He picked her up and ran through the parking lot as quickly. 
as he could with the extra weight.  He took the cylinder device from his pocket.
 and pushed the button.  A small explosion engulfed the cell where the targets bodies laid 
and two more, one in the corridor and the other by the exit.



(Kalaya Killed)

Dakari paced back and forth through the rubble of his former offices. He inspected every scorched inch of it closely. The smoldering smell of burnt flesh permeated through the air causing some of the CSI techs to frequently get nauseated. They did not know that it was the homunculi’s remains that gave off such a stench. An unknown group was depleting the Inquiry Units ranks. No one had any clues as to where to look first for them, or for what they were attacking.

11

Tawny and Alan must pull over on their way to Heritage because the rainfall is too heavy, and they cannot see. “What’s with the freaky weather?” Tawny asked Alan after the third time pulling onto the shoulder.  The sudden downpours battered the truck relentlessly.
The wipers did nothing assisting with visibility. Just as suddenly, the deluge was drizzling again. It had gotten late, and the interstate was the last place she wanted to be. “Hey baby, we’re almost there ok” Alan assured her.
“Just one more stop for gas and its forty minutes from there ok” he assured her again rubbing her thigh before pulling back onto the road.
They had turned off I-65 onto SR 25. They finally reached a roadside station. Tawny gets out of the truck and stretches her body. She walks into the gas station and through the aisle to the fridge section after an Arizona mango iced tea.
A group of men in the bag transporting girls one of the girls is fighting back and a kill her as an example to the others the sister situation escalates from there Alan steps in to help the clerk and the men attack him they all stopped what they were doing at the muffled sound of this phone ringing.
The ring tone reminded them that other people were going to feel much worse than they were the little girl on the other animals not going to get her good night kiss from daddy ever again he slammed his sis into the wall. 
As one attacker held his arms the other one beat him, punching his face over and over until he was unconscious. The men drop him, and the bruiser pulls his gun and fires two rounds into Alan's chest. 
Tawny screams agonized at seeing him be killed. Tawny can hear her sons terrified cries coming out of the van, she wrestles the guy holding her to get to the truck and he slams her to the ground pinning her with a knee in her back. 
She is sobbing and cursing profusely at all the men to give her son. "Put the bitch in the trunk" we got to clear out of here. She gets yanked up by the arm and dragged to back of the sedan. "No, no, no, no" she pleaded putting her foot on the bumper and pushing her body against the man trying to shove her in. he hits her with a fist in the back of the head and she goes limp.
The gang takes her to the campgrounds. They drag her into one of the cabins and tie her up to a bunkbed. He decides to keep Tawny to sell to the breeders and calls. 
Deric to make the exchange. Whatever they had given her kept her paralyzed. Tawny could not feel her body at all.  As dusked crept through the trees Kimbo stalked along the trail. the stench of wet earth and living things.
? watched as the blood pooled in the corner of her mouth only to slowly drool down her chin. He ached for the chance to lick it off. The sweet copper scent tainted with a hint of jasmine was a perfume of delight and passion.  
(?) took full advantage of the distraction and threw a left jab followed by a right uppercut in quick succession before he dodged the third round about left swing.    
She knees him in the thigh hard enough to stagger him but not fast enough to keep him from grabbing her leg and throwing it up over her head knocking her backwards to the mat.
She milled her legs behind his knees and toppled him over, bringing the other leg down to top of his chest. Whatever they injected her with must have been paralytic her body would not respond at all to her brain's command.

Day 31 Halloween

Alan Taken to hospital.

Sheriff Questions Alan

Deric Recognizes Tawny @ Farm

Deric gets Attacked.

Day 5

12

Caraline Rosehaven Flashback
With only the light from the moon glowing behind the cloudy night sky, his body glistened with sweat and the sweet stench of blood and sex. The deadly cuts all over his body began to heal as she caressed the soft flesh dazed and satisfied.
As she sipped the wine, Deep ruby color with a soft acidity and tartness. Nothing like the drug she had in her now. Their honeymoon had been the most exuberant and sensual time she had ever had in her life.
She could feel the loneliness and pain of loss as her memories tortured her worse than her captors ever could.  For months they were feeding her heroin addicts to keep her pacified and alive. The drugs were constantly in her system and the toxic levels could overdose five humans.
The beeping of the machines drove her out of her madness as the loud alarm bells rang in her ears. It looked as if hundreds of tubes were growing out of her, twisting like vines around her body.

Another heart had failed, they were using a heart-lung machine to keep her fetus alive long enough to reach a safe trimester before they cut it out of her. Miniscule catheters were inserted into her abdomen through her thick amniotic sac and feed blood from a human host. The hosts never lasted long, but they were quickly replaced.

Caraline w/Ateino

“All rises! The court is now in session. The Honorable Judge Herchel presiding.”  Judge Herchel speaks “In the matter of the People v. Patima Slade, docket number 1621-14-14.” “Counsel, please state your appearances.”
“Prosecuting Attorney, Marshai St. Malo your honor for the commonwealth” comes from one side. “Defense Counsel, Athain Gannibal, on behalf of the defendant, your Honor.” Speaks the other side.
“Ms. Slade, if at any time during these proceedings there is anything that you do not understand, or which confuses you. Please stop me so that either the court or your attorney can clarify it or explain it to you.”
“Mr. St. Malo will you please state the charges that have been made against the defendant in this case.
“Alleging that Sunday April 28, 2019, inside of local business, The Big House Diner. Ms. Slade did intentionally and premeditate assault with a deadly weapon, a class (?) felony. And attempted murder, another class (?) felony upon the victim, Damaris Doney.
“And on these charges Mr. Gannibal you’ve entered a not guilty plea.”, “Is that correct?” Judge Amerson asked. “Yes, your honor!” Athain replied. “And is the Commonwealth requesting conditions of release at this time?” Judge Amerson asked Marshai. “Yes, your Honor!” “We are requesting the defendant be held without bail. She is clearly a danger to the community and under 7553, She is charged with two serious felonies. One of which carries the possibility of a life sentence and therefore feel that currently she has a potential risk of flight.” St. Malo stated.
“Your Honor my client, as witnessed appeared to be in a trance.” Athain defended. “She has medical history of mental illness, primarily a neuropsychiatric examination showed a diagnosis of “dissociative rage”, a sudden attack or violent expression of emotion with a secondary pattern of a sociopathic personality and obsessive-compulsive personality. I recommend hospitalization for observation because of this.”
Dove's sudden outraged outburst startled even the bailiff asleep in the corner awake. “That's bullshit Ellazar, and you know it”. “Put her ass in jail where she belongs, God damn it! You lock her up!” Dove yelled as Levant tried to calm her down and lead her out of the courtroom.
“The same report also noted that the defendant was un-remorseful in her actions. And that she would relapse into said psychosis without proper medication and supervision. The state believes she presents a clear danger to the public.” Marshai objected.
“What we all seem to agree on is that there are serious concerns here over the defendants’ competency to stand trial on these charges.” Judge Amerson stated to them all. “I’m waving the preliminary hearing for thirty days until a mental health can be made.” Amerson told them. “I’m remanding the defendant to Rosehaven, where she’ll be evaluated by the court appointed Community Psychological & Health Services also known as CPHS Psychiatrists.” he ruled. “This court is adjourned!” and Amerson banged the gavel.


Day 12

Jaha stretched his tight muscles awaking from a three-day sleep. He lay on the gritty floor for a moment trying to control the roiling in his stomach making him sick. His bloodlust would soon take over him if he did not feed. Tawny’s scent was making it worst. Jaha had tried to patch the woman up, but all her cuts were too deep to suture with strips of cloth. For all he knew she might even have an infection by now.
His nostrils flared at the sweet aroma emanating from her blood, like a feast inviting him to indulge in its delicacies.  Tawny lay asleep on the tattered couch crawling with bugs. There were spiders and roaches living there with him than mice, He did not know which he detested more. Soon he would be moving on since his job was done. Another sect of the cult was disbanded but he still had no information on what these rituals were about or who was leading them. Dakari owed him big time for the man hours he had put into this operation.
He crawled like a baby, following the encouraging scent across the dark room over to the couch. The body covered in deep lacerations and bruises slept heavily from the strain and shock of her ordeal. He listened to the shallow breaths as they slipped in and out between her full lips. He ran his hand down the side of her mottled face, to the vein pulsating in her throat. Her heartbeat was getting weaker, the result of him giving her his blood. She would not be long off to death.
He stood unsteadily to his feet and went to the bathroom. The room was spinning around him as he tried to piss which only ended up all over the grimy floor. He had no choice but to feed on some unfortunate soul before he entered the fade.  ****Add more***
Tawny feigned sleep until she was certain the man had gone. Where was she, and where Alan and Kori were. The last she had seen of her precious little boy he was being carried off by (?). She tried to open her eyes, but the swelling prevented it. And the sensations throbbing through her body made her squirm in pain.  What had they done to her? Her eyes began drowning in tears because of the immense fear of the unknown.  Sudden tremors convulsed her body, and harsh contractions tore through her abdomen. Tawny’s body finally went limp, even her breathing stopped. The only sound in the room was the faint beat of her heart as it soon faded into nothingness too.
Dusk covered the city as Jaha stalked through the run-down and densely populated streets in search of food. He walked along the deserted sections; he knew that it was not because people did not care and just walked away from all these houses. This was because of the banks it did not make any sense to kick someone out of the house if they did not make their payments and leave it vacant to be destroyed.
 


Patty Stewart sat watching the news taking sips of her drink. It had been an interesting week in town with all the new folks moving in. She had been lucky enough to get a job with the head honcho of them all she congratulated herself. 
She was good at not letting on that she knew about them. The truth was her family had served them since the beginning. She had ancestors that reached all the way back to the Beloved One.
Now she had the honor of restoring her family’s name by serving once again in the first house. Like her ancestors, Ms. Patty was considered a mystic, today they are these so-called psychics, but her gift of clairvoyance was authentic. 
Her sight had been coming to her for a long time guiding her to this town. She had followed it happily when the visions first came, she was pregnant with Alan. She had also been addicted to cracks, which was how she lost her first birth. She thought it had been the drugs making her see things.
But as they became clear images, she remembered all the oral stories her grandmother told her as a child. Then she believed they were old wise tales from a very eccentric old lady. Patty stared at the vase on her mantle. 
The old tin jar looked like something dug up out the backyard. It was an incredibly old ancient piece that had been passed on for generations. Her grandmother and those who came before her with the gift had the honor of being placed there and patty would too.
Everything had been set into motion now. There would be a lot of pain and suffering to get there she knew. But none of the people involved could escape their fates. Some would find their destiny while others would reap what they have sown. 
Karma was truly magnificent. When her glass was empty, she went to bed. The housewarming was tomorrow and there was still much to do and since the expert would be at an event himself, she had the night off. 
It never took a pity long to fall asleep, within seconds she was dreaming of the past. She was walking through a great hall of stone and gold obelisks with beautifully painted carved walls. The strong smell of burning myrrh filled the hall and grew stronger as closely she got to the sanctuary. 
She could hear music, a Harp accompanied by sweet voices. As she entered the sanctuary it began to fade, the music and voices disappeared as did the scents. 
Patty stood in an empty room filled only with black smoke. The shadows began talking to her, telling her what to do. “Yes” she answered them.” Yes, I will do as you command!”



Tawny feigned sleep until she was certain the man had gone. Where was she, and where were Alan and Kori? The last she had seen of her precious little boy he was being carried off by (?). She tried to open her eyes, but the swelling prevented it. And the sensations throbbing through her body made her squirm in pain.  What had they done to her? Her eyes began drowning in tears because of the immense fear of the unknown.  Sudden tremors convulsed her body, and harsh contractions tore through her abdomen. Tawny’s body finally went limp, even her breathing stopped. The only sound in the room was the faint beat of her heart as it soon faded into nothingness too.
stretched his tight muscles he had slept on the hard cave  floor. The filthy mattress on the other side was occupied by two unknown bodies. 
? feigned sleep until she was sure she had gone. She also knew she needed rest to heal but she had to give warning. she traced her fingers along the collar on her neck. Her fingertips inspected the metal and leather restraint. She looked around until her eyes adjusted to the darkness. 
The cave wall had hooks and chains in various places. her collar was chained to one as well. And then there were just spikes, sharp shards of rock jutting out. A large boulder partially blocked the entrance but seemed weird that it was on the inside of the cave. ? curled up on the bed of tattered material. she could smell the scent of the previous owners clinging to the fabric. She had thought there had been a room full of people before she was fully awake to inspect the empty space. 
Curled up on the pallet to keep from shivering to death in freezing cave. Damned if she had not traded one prison for another. but she had a terrible feeling that this one was to be the worst of the two.
The coppery taste of blood hung in her mouth and the raw pain of a broken jaw made her wake up. The burning sensation around her wrists made her realize she was tied with rope and hung up to dry.
She tries to open her swollen eyes but can see nothing in the room. just barley light between the slits in her eyes.
they had strung her high enough to keep the mongrels from tearing into her heart and giving her a final death. She could feel herself regenerating. while the feeding frenzy continued her old limbs.
as she worked her wrists free of the ropes greased with her blood
 one wrist fell loose of the rope and the other soon followed. she landed in a pile of her own half eaten limbs like the meatball that rolled off of the spaghetti. The mongrels were already full of their dinner.
Tawny ran across the muddy ground swiftly into a copse of tall grass and shrubs. the large branches slapping against her face and body as she charged into the unknown the sounds of hooting animals scratching on the bark of trees lapping of lings in the slither of all things moving on the ground she came upon an area of dense foliage she slid into a stop as the land separated in front of the roar of the water miss it and found as it moved along rapidly on its path through the mountain behind her she could hear the Russell branches and crunchy leaves and stakes as her pursuers close the distance she searched for a way across running along the bank of the river to no avail and or burst out of the leaves and the yellow light turned red flashing in the night she looked to the water and let on either side she would gain freedom or death she thought as the Coke her rust her way she woke to the burning of her flesh naked on the side of the river bank she crawled into the weeds to cover herself she could smell herself among the wheeze and stagnant water surrounding her she looks for a place to hide and crawls into a drainage pipe.
The frigid air start on her face as she inched her way along the narrow path the rockface of the hill was covered in slick moss the rocks in tiny branches that littered the ground. As the soles of her feet as she ran if a chance to escape presented is self she knew she had to keep her strength up for the fight she glanced around at the other prisoners who looked like starving dogs staring at a pound of flesh except for one nonce against the wall chin in his chest and seemed ready to topple over an any given moment he was not as muscular or as Stout as the others barely larger than Johnari herself curled up on the ground trying to keep her body warm with the shimmering rage she still felt for him as dust covered the landscape
after being kidnapped and interrogated hostilely by the rogue organization she had been locked in a hole with the skylight above her head they gave her an anti-serum that makes her susceptible to sunlight first the gives her some burn then she catches fire they keep her drugged with ruppion and she enjoys a sort of sexual arousal when she's tortured.



Johnari/Dakari conversate about Kalaya

Drunk in a bar and notices an undercover on the force, out on a date who goes to the ladies’ room, he goes over to speak.  The dope boy for a big hitter in the Sinaloa org,  asks him about his time on the force, he tells him he is mistaken and the drunk calls him by his true name, the date returns and hears the end of the conversation.  his cover gets blown when he sees her make a call, and then reaches into her bag, two other men come from the back room, a gun fight ensues, the mark gets away and the CI is injured, he gets sent to Mourning.

well, the last person to see them is the one I want to talk to too" Dakari said.


Dakari interview
Q1: Do you know Odale Gannibal
R1:
Q2: You do not really want to lie, do you? I have witnesses who have seen the two of you together. You were also captured on camera at the Big House diner the day Damaris Doney was shot. Seated with Mr. Gannibal
R2: I did not know Mr. Gannibal personally, professionally it was our first meeting.
Q3:  What were you meeting about?
R3: Nothing that concerns your investigation detective. He wanted to hire my company to transport his products to wholesalers in Canada.


Day 24 (Christmas Eve)

Families of Freewood gathering activities


Day 31 (New Year’s Eve)

Phryne sent to Rosehaven.

Families of Freewood gathering activities

Day 3

16

Johnari visits Patima 


Johnari takes temporary custody of her as a relative (they were both adopted by the foster couple), She hires Patty Stewart to Nanny the baby,  

"These symbols represent the founding clans of the Koventri" Tiran explained. "Each house which can rule as reagent is represented here." "The oldest and first clan of course is the line of the "Blessed One", there at the top of the pyramid which is your bloodline Johnari." Tiran seemed in awe staring at the mothlike stone. Johnari stared at the stone carvings of the cave wall. They formed a triangle with a circular inlay. At its center was a large amethyst geode with a strange crystal formation. 
Instead of a spiked cluster there was a netted starfish shape. "What is that inside of it?" Johnari asked when she noticed a black liquid. "That is a secret only members of the Adedeji council are privy to," Tiran answered. "But why keep it a secret?" Johnari asked "Shouldn't those who rule at least know it?" "Once they all did, but it caused a power struggle between the tribes that led to civil conflict and many lives were lost" Tiran told her.
Johnari touched the Keystone, it was cold all over except for the center that vibrated under her palm. She pulled her head back quickly as if burned. "What's wrong?" Tiran asked concerned at the look on her face. "The stones are alive!" she whispered. "What does life mean? “Tiran questioned her. "It felt like a heartbeat when I touched it “Johnari answered him. Tiran looked as confused as she felt both staring at Keystone. Tiran watched Johnari study the contents intently. 
He wondered how she could know so little about her own bloodline. "Why has the House of (?) been excluded from the Regency for long, the real reason?" Johnari finally asked. "They refused to join the Chrysalis, the energy that feeds the barrier", "And for that they were exiled out of tribe. “He replied. "So, the Koventri wanted the last members of my bloodline to sacrifice themselves, die out in order to save their own clans?" she looked at him with hatred.
"Yes!" he answered her without shame. "Then how did they make the barrier? “She scolded him. "How have you all survived in this realm for so long without them?" Tiran turned away from her momentarily, he knew she deserved the truth. That the Koventri had deceived her family by backing out of the ritual at the last moment. Allowing the Chrysalis to draw all their essence from them and not the others.
What they had not known was that they hid the child of (?). They had not even known of her birth or the mother's pregnancy for that matter. what would she do when these truths were revealed to her? "It was their time as the reagent family, and they had more members who were the strongest of the tribe." he said to  her without facing her.
But the truth was that the other clans wanted to rule in their place. And it ensured that the barrier would hold much longer if strengthened by the bloodline of source essence. 
The Koventri clans chose to betray the house of the (?) so that their own houses could thrive. The leaders of the Adedeji council made the decision and his own father was a member during that time. "With your entrance into the Koventri Johnari you have a chance to rebuild your house's honor and stand within the Koventri and the Regency if you choose it" he told her in hopes to turn the conversation. If he could keep her in the dark about the truth, he could keep her safe from the others who would surely do her harm to keep order, and their caste standing.
"Then why do they contest my nomination for induction?" she demanded unwilling to drop the matter. Tiran signed heavily "Because with your induction and the restoration of the house, you would usurp the next succession of the regency." Johnari's angered expression quickly turned to shock. "I would be Regent of Koventri" she stammered.
"But how? I am the only one left and without a clan I have no claim" She wondered. 
"There are cousins and distant relatives across the globe if chose to seek them out" Tiran informed her. Johnari did not believe she had not known. Why was she just hearing of them now after years of painful loneliness? She had not noticed she had been breathing rapidly until Tiran eased her onto a stone ledge. "Are you alright Johnari? I am deeply sorry to tell you so much so quickly, but you must learn it if you are to survive among the castle" Tiran informed her.
"Did Okikki know these things?" she looked up at him and asked. When he turned away from her again, she had her answer. "Of course, he did. He was my family’s advisor so there is much he has kept from me!" she stated. "That is the answer only he can give you alufe, we should head back into town now. You will need time to rest before the evening events" Tiran spoke softly. He held onto her arm until he was certain she could manage on her own. Johnari could not wait to speak with her long-term confidant and friend. Okikki had been family to her but how would she trust him now. Did Littles know these things as well she wondered? 
Johnari's pace became determined as exited the caves. The bright sunlight was blinding her, but she managed to find her way to the truck. She did not wait for Tiran to open the door for her this time and jumped in. They were both silent on the way down. And when Tiran pulled to a stop at Thorne Cross manor she immediately got into her own vehicle and left. The only place she wanted to be was Freeman Fields, back home.

They all stood around talking inside the gym, in the boxing ring a few sparred off as they did also on the ground mats. Most of the people had not seen each other in a long time and this was the best way to get acquainted themselves. Tiran studied the room, longing to be a part of the comradery and goofing off, but his position called for much more reserved and astute behavior. 

The people in this her own are now your enemies and you cannot defeat your friends you are not strong enough to bring down your photos you will fight the children chosen by the heavens you already had the power to do so ever since the first time we met I've been stuck on you and obsession they kept growing now I'm at my limit how can you call what you do love

Nisca’s and Chichi’s match started.
(Summary: the combatants paired off, with so much adrenaline in the room the hormone levels were reaching their peak.
  
Carved into the rockface forming four rows of giant steps that were seating. Opposite the semi-circle rows was a small wood pavilion where the elder council and Adedeji council sat stoically in their seats as the community filed into an amphitheater at the base of Jacob's Ladder.
The nine women of the chosen prepared themselves inside tents for the opening ceremonies. The first event was the presentation. The ornamenting or tattooing of the women with a special paint and elaborate jewelry. They would all have to perform the (?) dance. "It is time" an elder woman announced as she entered Johnari’s tent. Nanisca and Chichi stopped helping adorn herself. They had pulled her dreads up into multiple twists. 
All the women raised their weapons in salute of the Commander. The Horns sounded like they were starting off the opening match, and the first pair of opponents entered the circle. 
Johnari faced her opponent even though self-doubt plaque her. The Leader called for the start, and they began their attack. Johnari feinted left from Bias’s quick right hook and countered with one of her own landing a hard face punch followed by a left upper cut that missed. Bisa countered with a leg kick behind her knee and hard gut punch that knocked the wind out of her.
As her second hit landed on her temple and dazed the hell out her, Johnari swept her leg out sending Bisa back and rolled away quickly retaking a standing position. She regained her wits quickly enough to block Bisa's club with her own and connect a quick jab to her jaw. They traded blows back and forth Johnari hitting Bisa hard in the thigh with the club swinging low and then high. She hurried to take advantage of her opponents off balance parry and came down hard on Bisa's forearm knocking the weapon from her hand. 
Bisa scrambled to defend herself from Johnari's who became possessed with a wild rage and barrage of kicks and punches. But Bisa's miscalculated maneuver to spin away right and retrieve her club cost her dearly as Johnari swung low into her knee. The sickening crack as her leg folded back causing Bisa to scream in agony as she fell down. Bisa rocked side to side holding her leg, the (?) bone protruding though ripped flesh of her broken leg.

The gathering activities were concluding with the final event over the three-day weekend. The process of elimination trials that each female Algul participated in had quickly shrunk to the final four contestants waiting in the staging area. 
Most of the Ashoi gathered had more experience in battle than Johnari. Of course, they would be, the War was almost two centuries ago. The sound of the drums as they marched filled Johnari with a sense of honor. 
These beats were hers, her warrior heart pounding in her chest as all the women filed out into the hall and lined up in front of the queen’s section. The stone walls glistened from the mist made by the cascading water of the underground river. 
This was an ancient place adorned with embroidered tapestries, furs, and silks strew about large cushions and ornate iron chairs. The large animal hides drums seemed to beat louder and louder with each step she took. 
The women raised their swords out in front of them in honor Master Okikki and then over their chest as they bowed in submission. With the sounding of the first horn the women faced off with their opponents. 
Johnari studied Aamaal, a large almost masculine in her build with well used muscles which she would have to use her agility against to compensate for the difference in strength. At the sound of the second horn the matches were under way. 
Johnari faced her opponent at the sound of the second born they charged each other swinging their swords and knives Johnari fainted left as pieces swore it came crashing down against her she their first blow staggered her but not her courage she paired right swinging low at Amira's thighs were barely able to connect only cutting the flesh and hurried to the fan against her next attack swung wildly as is possess and has seen his rage controlling her body and her strain Johnari kicked her leg out catching her behind her knee stumbling her just enough for an opening to her back the support sliced across her shoulders tearing a gash long in deep into it as Marist sword sliced through has seen his arm weakening her ability to raise her shield the kick she received to her stomach caused her further delay to recover in time from the onslaught of blows she barely managed to block the handle of her swore connecting as Mira in the jaw gave her enough time to line stabbing the Amazon in shoulder she countered any punching Johnari with an uppercut they landed her flat on her back she drew the short blade out and came and has seen she rolled just in time to miss the blade grabbing hold of her leg as she twisted it enough to sit in the woman down in with momentum a flurry of punches to as mere as he Johnari rendered her unconscious she did not notice the short blade protruding out of her thigh until she tried to stain the praying the pain brought her back down on one knee visa brought her knee up quickly catching Johnari in the lower ribs then grabbing her head and slammed her into the stone wall Johnari Rose and Lance are way to the altar before the Queens she raised her sward in tribute again then stagger back to the staging area she saw the woman visa being bandaged by a slave in one of the stalls she was surprised the tiny woman made it through her round pieces smiled and nodded her head at Johnari before she disappeared behind her own curtain 
A strike then made her a pony Gelt with pain and fear a blow that begins its power high and generates centrifugal force behind the shoulder by dropping down and backup before launching into the opponents tender bits her opponents arm is trapped between her legs and she holds it by the hand she applies pressure by stretching her body pressing against theirs with her legs
The women circled each other like wild cats stalking their prey. Aamaal charged her swinging her sword high and bringing down with unbelievable force as it hit Johnari’s shield. 
Johnari dodged left to gain a blind spot behind Aamaal’s bulky frame striking quickly with her own sword, but the woman was lighter on her feet than she anticipated. All she gained for the effort was a swift yet powerful kick to the stomach. 
Johnari swung low at Aamaal’s legs slicing into the thigh muscle but barely taking the woman to the ground. She countered swiftly backhanding her in the face with the handle of her sword. 
She would not give her an inch to recover so she had to be relentless with the chance she had to disable Aamaal’s momentum. Her knee connected with her chin throwing her onto her back.
 Johnari followed using her shield as a weapon pounding it into Aamaal’s face. Aamaal bucked her hips and rolled them both over grabbing Johnari’s throat, strangling her with massive hands.
Johnari jabbed her thumbs into Aamaal ’s eyes gouging them until she felt her grip loosen then she pulled Aamaal to her for a quick head butt which freed her enough to roll from under her. Once she was up the deep breathing and dizziness caused disorientation. 
The gasps and then complete silence when she regained her footing she had not noticed, but when Aamaal backed away from her when a look of utter terror. 
She turned in a full circle seeing the faces of everyone else which resembled Aamaal’s.  Master Okikki and Mistress Fumi approached the ring the only two who seemed to smile, confusing Johnari even more.
“Saehira Mau” Okikki whispered as he looked Johnari up down amazed at what stood before him. “Not in many, many centuries my child has a Saehira Mau been born to our clan!” 
Mistress Fumi exclaimed. “Master Okikki and I have never known of one in our lifetime or that of our mother’s” she spoke as she caressed the Johnari’s cheek in a delicate fashion. “What are you saying, I don’t understand what’s going” Johnari begged as the room grew full of whispers. 
Okikki gently held her hands raising them up for her to see. 
Johnari stumbled back scared of her own flesh. The Black smooth skin that covered her arms stretched out to the Johnari like fingers on her hands. She looked at the rest of her body as if the same seemed to be apparent all over. 
“What is this” she yelled, “What the fuck am I” she screamed in panic touching herself and feeling the new skin wishing she could rip it off. Everything blurred as she struggled for breath and fainted.

Johnari stood studying her body once again after she awakened. She still had a tough time accepting herself until Master Okikki arrives and assures her that she is special and to look at it as the blessing which it was. 
Okikki explains “the stripes of fur across your body and the half human form you maintain when you change are the designation Saehira Ashoi, A Priestesses who long ago belonged to our clan on Therian.
“You carry the essence Saehira in you. When Saehira died in the battle, we used those capable of the magic to keep her essence alive. But many chose not to bear the burden of her dark spirit at the last moment. in lesser form are considered witches. You are simply both.”
I must admit this could not have happened at a better time. You can bear a child without having the time limit of the breeding cycle. Instead of years you will be able to do it within months.” He spoke extremely excitedly as his thoughts carried him into the future. “We will of course collaborate with you here, to help you become better acquainted with this form.” Okikki informs her. 
“There are texts which will help you identify your species and learn almost everything you’ll need to know”.  This was a good thing Johnari thought as he led her out of the room, when in her heart she wished she were far away still the woman she had been before.

“You will also have to relocate to with the rest of the coven to Krimms Fallow” he informed her. “I was going to save that bit of news until after the gathering, but with events the way they are now…” his voice trailed off as he became lost in his own thoughts.

Mistress Fumi placed a calming hand on Johnari’s shoulder. “I know this is a lot to take in right now my dear, but you are strong enough to get through it.” Johnari’s eyes blurred thinking of all the other times Fumi had supported her. She had found Johnari begging for food outside of a McDonald’s when she was fourteen. 
Johnari had been homeless since her escape and her homelessness was clearly apparent in her dirty appearance. Fumi had taken her in on the spot. She had been with her for a few days when Fumi noticed the birthmark on her right shoulder. 
She had asked Johnari a lot of questions about her family then, but Johnari had never known her parents. All she could tell her was the first foster home she remembered and how she moved around after that.
 When Okikki arrived, and explained their history to her, she thought then that her life could not be any worse. That same feeling was now making a comeback as everything around her seemed to be falling apart. 
“Everyone will be with you in the royal city my dear” Fumi said. “It will be a change for all of us too, but it is time we join the covenant” “you’ll see, it won’t be as bad as you think being around your own kind” Fumi rose to leave but seemed to wait for any response Johnari might have. 
“I guess we’ll soon find out Mistress” Johnari joked. “I really hate moving, the packing and starting over.” She complained.
“Not to mention I’ll lose a lot of business if not all of my clients as a Domme, and I’d have to travel more for my investigation firm.” 
“Johnari, you might want to start thinking along the lines of a marriage instead of business my dear” Fumi stated. “There is a high probability that your new transition will make you the number one pick.” And just like that Johnari felt her world explode.

Johnari walked along the pathway, her body aching and tired from the rigorous and painful training session. She dreaded being in the Queen's Guard more than anything else that was happening in her life. She wanted her freedom back, her peaceful and introverted existence that she had controlled. She sat on a large stone which was cold and soothing. It was then that she realized she had no idea where she had wandered off to. She had just walked unconsciously out into the woods to whimper in solitude.
The blackness overtaking as the sun set over the treetops disorientated her even more and made it difficult to distinguish which direction she should go in. She would just stay here for the night instead of the campsite. She had no desire to return to the cold shoulders and evil stares of the other candidates. Women were mean, abusive, and judgmental when threatened with a worthy adversary, even more so when they considered you unworthy. She knew the others held her in the lowest regard and wanted her removed from the competition.
Johnari had drowned out the forest sounds, but a strange new sound got her attention. She listened more intently to identify what it could be an animal maybe searching for a meal. She heard it again and recognized the low whimper which was human. She scanned the area and followed the now consistent noise through the brush onto a small pathway. She looked to her left and could see the smoke and lights from the camp and to her left the pathway carved into a thicker copse of trees. 
what sounded like a scuffle followed the noises and her paced picked up towards the sounds and came upon two forms. One kneeled on all fours and the other was behind it humping steadily. The shock kept her frozen and wide-eyed at what she knew she was seeing. Someone having sex was not the surprise just the persons who were together in this instance was unbelievable. Caven, the regimented and honorable distinguished leader of the guard and his point of reference were lovers.
Of course, Johnari understood same-gender relationships were common, and she was all for people being able to live their lifestyle as they chose. What bothered her was all the rhetoric and bullshit he spouted in camp about having discipline and commitment to the guard to abstain from influences that would undermine its integrity. Fraternization among other stricter codes had been forbidden, or so he had insisted. And here he was having a tryst in the middle of training camp.
Karasi dropped his shoulders and arched his back inward causing Caven to groan as he thrust deeper and harder. The slapping sound of their flesh meeting and the harsh ragged breathing stirred her own wetness as she rubbed her thighs together against the pulsating throb. She watched ashamed and fascinated as their massive bodies pushed against each other powerfully and passionately in uninhibited desire. Something she had never seen nor felt herself with anyone. 
They orgasmed simultaneously bodies shivering with sweat and obvious pleasure expressed with deep sensual keening.  A guilty sigh escaped her own lips watching them embrace each other, Caven lying on top of Karasi planting gentle kisses along his shoulder and neck. Even in the darkness she could see Caven's thick corded muscled form glistening with perspiration. He was a heavenly spectacle of adulthood and strength wrapped in a luscious coating of dark melanated skin.
Caven finally rolled off and onto his back his chest rose and fell his breathing evening out and she followed every ripple of his abdomen. right down to the cream laced rod resting against his thigh still rigid sprouting from a nest of dark hair. Her body reacted in a way she had not known as shivers ran up her spine and the pulsing throb turned into energy that ebbed at first and then flowed outward tingling the rest of her body.
She watched every move he made as she finally stood and retrieved his clothing strewn about around them. Johnari ached to touch him as the musky scented heavy in the air mixed with the smell of pine in the night air. her eyes closed as she savored the smell unconsciously rubbing her hard nipples against the ridged bark of the tree she had hidden behind. Stimulating a new sensation within her before she felt his presence looming before her.
She stumbled away from Caven, his face dark and glaring as he glared down at her. His bare chest inches away from her face still slick with perspiration. Her hand reached out on its own accord to touch him before she quickly reeled it back only to cover her mouth in astonishment at her behavior. The guilt finally made its' way to the surface after being caught. "We seem to have been watched" Caven told Karasi over his shoulder.
The embarrassment Johnari felt was a sharp kick in the gut, "I got lost after it got dark" she stuttered out her excuse to him. The corner of his mouth turned up and the devious grin it exposed started her aching all over again. "And just what are you doing wandering away from the camp to begin with?" Caven demanded. "Your past curfew cadet" he admonished. He was obviously angry but there was a hint of laughter behind him. Was he playful or sarcastic? either way she did not appreciate the smugness he had when they were both in the wrong, him more than her.
He grabbed her wrist and pulled her back towards him causing her to stumble into him. "Why would you wander away from the camp alone into the unknown little one?" he whispered. The pressure he had on her wrist was becoming painful and she wrestled it out of his grasp and stepped away again. Neither of them had noticed Karasi standing just off to the side fully clothed watching their interaction until he finally spoke. "It seems we all should forget about what’s happened here and agree to tattle on each other since we have a good chance of all being punished for it" he suggested.
Caven did not budge from his position and only responded nonchalantly with a "agreed".  Karasi walked off towards camp miffed about the situation leaving the two of them alone. Caven could smell her arousal, "Did you enjoy what you saw?" he whispered heavily as his arousal peaked again. Johnari was trying her best to keep her composure as she finally wrestled her wrist free. 
"Listen Sir, I'm sorry for what happened ok." she assured him. "I guess I was a little shocked and froze in place, didn’t really know what I was supposed to do!" Johnari turned to leave but Caven grabbed her around the waist and pulled her against him.  She could feel his lips full and moist rub down the back of her neck as he inheld her scent. His hand caresses its way across her stomach into her lower region and he pressed his solid body and semi-hard erection against her lower back.
"Would you like me to fuck you in the ass too alufe" he asked mockingly as his fingers slid between her legs poking into her wetness. Johnari scrambled to free herself of the demeaning and unwanted stunt. "Get the fuck off me!" She said harshly, "You're a real fucking asshole in everything aren't you commander" she snarled as she walked briskly away following the direction Karasi had taken.
Caven leaned against the tree; he licked his lips to savor the lingering taste of her skin. He had picked up her scent the moment she had arrived. It was heady and sweet, a mix of cinnamon and jasmine that had given him a near perfect erection as she watched him fuck another man. She had excited him into cumming quicker than he would have if she had not been there. The thought that if it had been her with her plump firm ass in the air instead of his longtime partner as he rubbed himself out another orgasm.
He pictured her face as he thrust into her, the husky smell wafting from her moist pussy a mix of fear and arousal. Her handful of titties squeezed within his large hands and as he climaxed her moaned her name. No other female influenced him like Johnari had since the moment he had laid eyes on her. His bisexuality was not something she should have known but all the same he had wished she had. He was more attracted to women than men but century in the guard constantly around male counterparts filled his needs for companionship. 
He had never been ashamed over his sexual desires with men before now. But he was drawn to her with a powerful pull, obsessed with wanting to touch her. But she watched him fuck a man and was aroused by it all the same. "Shit!" he mumbled and walked slowly back to camp hoping She found her own back alone. He would have to have better control of himself if not the next three months of training would be torturous for them all.



Thick clouds spiraled in the sky overhead. Deafening thunder  roared as the air pressure dropped rapidly. The ground trembled, sending folks running inside to escape the rancid air and gain cover. birds fell from the sky pounding into the things below. The enormous cloud began to descend bellowing downwards in thick grey puffs. A terrifying visage as the wraths barreled down on anyone left on the street. Panicked and screaming they ran from the teeth and claws of the demons who snatched them away. Ghastly mutilations continued unhindered for all anyone could do was hide in fear of their lives.
The attack ended as quickly as it began leaving horror behind. Surviving residents emerged trembling with shock. The aftermath had all silent but horrific realization made them hysterical. They screamed and cried staggering through the streets. Searching through the mangled flesh for loved ones. Their weeping continued through the night as the stoic gathered remains into body bags and carried them to the morgue.

The Sin Nombre Arrive

Tiran stood before the Elder Council stoic and don’t the Elder Lords kidnapped were his top advisers and one was like a father he loved dearly appointing new elders to their pose was a necessity but it was also a personal betrayal no one knew if they were dead or alive the Royal Ranger Regiment had been placed on it the special ops demon squat he had confidence would not fail their mission they just needed to find them a starting point the three candidates each house had presented were good choices but he did not trust one of them he had been arrival of Terrence for a long time the two competed in everything a moving 
his power status to a Lord could prove more trouble than it was worth adding you any smiled broadly he cannot believe how his blessings were coming right now sure he had blackballed a few of the judges into their votes but the look on Tiran's face when they announce his notion last night was priceless he decided then to stay in Freewood until the gathering all he wanted to do was annoyed the hell out of the king with his new promotion budget date he councilmembers stood to start the vote as they yay or nay their choices adding you any gloating in his own will world when master Jebi finally called his ballot he shocks the assembly
 by reporting news he had no idea they knew adding unique throws a huge tantrum and curses the panel out before knocking out the candidate replacing him this has to do with him not completing a ceremonial succession before his father died so he can't be a Lord take his father's place on the Council nor had he produce an air of his own to extend the bloodline



He heard a foul hissing sound from beside the floating raft of logs. Cloudy turned his head and saw a grotesque form rising from the swirling stream. Its face was framed by wild, weed-strewn hair, and dark slimy scales covered its lithesome body. Then the wrath dropped down from the branches of a tree right in front of him, blocking his way. Its yellow eyes glowed, and moonlight glinted against its slimy skin. Its long, thin arms stretch out toward him through the raging storm, claws extended. He gave one loud shout of despair, but the lightning-fast movement of a razor-sharp claw cut off his cry, and the woods were suddenly still again.
She moved by instinct only when all the body’s soft tissue decomposes, hair, bones, cartilage, and other byproducts of decay remain. The sheen due to ruptured blisters, and the Fluids spilling through orifices, extremely unpleasant odor putrefaction behind her in a trail of sludge from Organs, muscles, and skin being liquefied. 
She crawled across the forest floor. her mind shattered. Fragmented memories encased in a calcified brain. The animals scattered, but anything within reach of the dark mist emanating from her corpse pulled the essence right out it. 
But it was not enough to heal her, it was barely enough to keep her sane. That scent…her nose pointed in the air and her head jerked as an electric static crackled in her mist as it began to take shape around her bones. She had only thought of the strength to stand at the time. The scent was stronger, and it made her float faster. She moved as fast as the wind itself the mist decaying everything in its path. She finds Audra and Ateino and attacks him. He throws Audra into her path, and she barrels over her. 
Audra screams in pain as her skin is burned by the mist, Eulalie recognizes her essence and stops short of reaching a terrified Ateino. She inspects the moaning creature closer. Ateino takes advantage of her distraction and runs. She chases him into the marsh and stops short of its banks. Her mist fizzled out as soon as it touched the water. Audra limps up behind her calling out to her. “Eulalie…Eulalie can you hear me?” Urbi soothed. Her mist drew inward closer to her as she descended hoovering over the ground. Audra felt devastated gazing upon what remained of her beloved sister. 


A big toothy grin splayed across his face. It was a creepy smile. The truck careened, sliding down the pathway and she looked annoyed. You really are nervous are not you have to relax his voice strode off into his own thoughts.
His eyes wild as he drove up Jacob's ladder. A brief flutter of her eyelids now and then let him know the ruppion was working. struck a level of fear the whole terrifying interaction that occurred between them felt this is the walls were closing in on her. headed the said prejudice against humans.
“Stop this please!” she screamed pleading to a higher power to save her from this nightmare. As she began to sob uncontrollably, he was laughing. her eyes bulge as she gasps for air and clawed at his hands. her body thrashing around the blackness of her approaching death grotesquely contorted her features as he listed the lamb course indignant they he had been subjected to such treatment he was disconnected from reality he has shown her sincere face and she believed it she yet incessantly as the temperature plummeted and the ground crunch with each step on top of the frosty blaze of grass and leaves
the gravity of what he had just did not register at once “What are you trying to say” he asked her in disbelief answering a question she had not asked. the flow of her blood rapidly spilling down her face and into her mouth the coppery taste of the blood mixed with the salt of her tears her legs finally getting out under the weight of her pain in near loss of consciousness the head the shock of his body slammed into a wall where is the fallen he eggs perfectly pitched voice she could not speak she would never return her aloof the over to death another face another crack her promenade cheekbone now caved into her face 
she Kassirer her ID attached from the sock in her role across her face she cried not for herself before her own low they meal she had seen so much death and she knew her death was scar him the most realizing he could get no further information he removed his dagger and dragged her lamb body across the room listing it on top of the table he listed the cloth of her dress above her hips he sliced the flesh from hit to hip on a Marya stomach her screams could have reached heaven for every ounces strength left in her expels on that breath she welcomed death the river she thought her mind and body's way with the calming piece as she slits to the other side.


Johnari's investigation into Emile and Phryne led her to Tops & Bottoms Club. Women who work for Phryne/Harvest use the sex club to scout "Whales" for the sale of human slaves. Johnari arrived at the Residences Hotel at a quarter to meet with an afternoon appointment scheduled for three o’clock. The suite furnished in an array of soft furnishings encased in dark wood gave the room a contemporary but luxurious appeal.  Johnari walked across the plush carpet behind the man who greeted her at the door. He led her out onto a semi enclosed terrace with French style café dining set, in front of stone trimmed fireplace. “May I offer you a drink Mistress?” he asked, his voice a soft rich baritone. 
“Vodka with club soda and lemon please, no ice” Johnari replied but he was gone by the time she turned from the serene view to addresses him. “Damn he moves quickly” she thought as she seated herself at the café style table arrangement. Shortly after, the prospective client stepped onto the balcony dressed in well-tailored, crisply creased flat front trousers, and a trim two button notch lapel designer suit. Framed in masculinity, the slight swagger in his gait oozing sexy and causing Johnari to catch her breath, “Thank you for coming” he greeted with and extended hand as he stopped in front of her. Johnari rose and accepted his hand in hers lightly but still feeling the warmth and silkiness of his skin. 
“It’s my pleasure Mr. Braxton” assured him as it was. The man looked like piece of dove chocolate, smooth and creamy with a shadowy luster that made her mouth water. “Please call me Emile” he insisted as his thumb glided softly across the back of her hand. He claimed the seat across from her crossing one leg over his knee. (Add more here)
Johnari enjoyed masquerading as her own assistant. It gave her a better perspective of the type of clients she would add to or decline from her retinue of submission. 
With their defenses, down around an assumed menial servant, they were more than likely to act normal than impressive. She gained insight into the type of personality hidden behind the fade of most men’s egos. “First, I’d like to go over the membership application for entry into Tops and Bottoms, and then the contractual agreement with you.”
I would like to emphasize that we do request you have your lawyer review it for you” Johnari explained as she preceded going over the finer points of the contract. 


Discipline, control, and play methods and instruments, hard limits, and confidentiality. “Finally, the sexual intercourse section” Johnari cleared her throat saving the most cumbersome requirement last. “My Mistress does not engage sexually, meaning penetration of any kind with her body besides orally if off the table.” She looked at Mr. Braxton to check for any reaction that hinted at displeasure. “Her specialty is pain you see Mr. Braxton” Johnari began to explain but he cut her short, “I’ve read the contract Miss Morisseau and understand in full the terms of the agreement.” 
“It wouldn’t be a burden for me to abstain from the pleasures of copulation” he informed her. She was startled when his servant appeared carrying two glasses on a tray in one hand and a manila envelope in the other. He sat in the envelope in front of her then served both drinks quietly before retreating into the suite. “That is the signed contract and questionnaire ready for inspection” Emile spoke lifting his glass to his dark lips. 
She stared as the liquid left a wet sheen on the juicy bottom lip and his tongue slid across it like an invitation to come taste. She sipped her own drink, an even mix not too strong or lemony. After skimming over the papers, she tucked them into her Louis Vuitton attaché and then rose to make her departure. “Leaving so soon?” Emile stood and closed the gap between them. Placing a firm but non-threatening grasp on her elbow he led her into the sitting room. “I apologize. 
Mr. Braxton, uh Emile” she said removing her arm gracefully from the burning of his touch. 
“I have other appointments to deal with before my flight back sir, you shall be informed either way in two days of your status.” she informed him bowing slightly her farewell before turning on her heel and heading for the door. She could feel his eyes on her as she marched down the hall holding her breath.



She was giving a mediocre performance tonight and she knew it was all because of the stress.  She still had not come to terms with her new identity or that she would be in that beauty pageant of a selection process.  It could be worth it to let the hunters come after her. She finished with her last client and was in the dressing room when the presence came upon her. She had meant to ask Mistress (?) about it in Brazil but that had been the least of her worries. 


Johnari quickly made her exit, forgetting her gym bag. Out in the parking lot the presence hit her harder than ever before. She had to lean against her car before her knees completely buckled from the spontaneous orgasm ripping through her body. “What the hell?” she crawled into the driver’s seat leaning her back against the head rest rubbing soothingly on her pussy waiting for the sensations to recede.  Tiran sat inside his Denali waiting for Gracy to join him in the parking lot.  He noticed the woman damn near running out of the building before collapsing against her car. He went out to see if she needed his assistance.
But has he approached the vehicle he stood amazed by her mouth shaped in a silent oh as her hips and arm moved frantically up and down?  “Well damn” he uttered backing away slightly not wanting to be seen. He silently watched as she got herself off before slipping back to his vehicle.  He was secretly glad that he was not the only one, becoming afraid of the chaotic situation inside the building. He climbed to the driver’s side of the SUV and proceeded to leave the lot when he realized he would have to drive past the woman in her car. 
He sped past the spot and right into traffic hoping he was not seen. He laughed at himself for his student antics remembering the tint on the windows. He honked at the car ahead of him sitting at the green light. As it jerked forward probably from hitting the gas pedal too hard, he noticed the plate tag DMTRIX.  He passed to the left lane and could not believe who he saw, the hot thing from the parking lot staring straight ahead giving him the finger, with a diamond studded ghost dangling from the rearview mirror. She merged into the right-hand lane just as the arrow turned green. He almost chased after her until the blare of a horn stopped him. 
“When in Rome” he laughed giving the angry driver swerving around him the bird.  He circled back around the block to pick up Gracy.  The quarterly committee meeting would start in an hour, and he still needed to go home to change. He never liked meeting with the House Elders. Once again, he was faced with doing his duties as king. It was time to appoint an Advisor if only to represent him at these sorts of gatherings. It was rumored an old sect wanted back into the fold; he recognized Okikki’s ploy for what it was. He was after something that he needed the power of the covenant to obtain.

Johnari exited the terminal garage and walked to guest services. Her prearranged taxi was hopefully on time since there had been no delay with her flight. Now that Patima was transferred into a State mental facility instead of a jail cell she had time to get other things in order. The drive from the airport was frustrating as traffic crept along I-70 at a snail’s pace down the country roads. She kept checking the meter on the dashboard as the amount moved faster than the vehicle itself. She paid the 49.55 fare and tipped the driver a ten. 
The mean looks she gave should tell him to leave while the getting was good because her mood had sore on the long ride. She fumbled her keys as she reached the door to her apartment, a door which should have been locked but now stood agape. She entered cautiously, setting her bags on the floor near the door. She quietly reached into the foyer closet and drew her .38 caliber (?) from the coat pocket she kept hiding in. She peeked into the tiny kitchen first and then crept along the wall to the living room which was empty. 
She looked at the two-bedroom doors and stopped at the guest room. She never shut doors in her house, so this one had no reason to be closed. She raised the gun and kicked the door open. Two equally surprised women jumped off the bed as Johnari got the shock of her life.  Nanisca and Chichi smiled as Johnari lowered the weapon. “Damn, scary much bitch?” Nisca laughed sitting back down on the bed. “I don’t believe this” Johnari stated as she put the safety on the gun. The room exploded into laughter as the women rushed each other talking simultaneously. 
“Wait a minute I mean what are you doing here? And why did break in?” Johnari asked.  “We heard you had some shits popping off and we’re here as back up” Chichi replied throwing herself across the bed onto her stomach. 
“Don’t listen to her Johnari we’re here breaking and entering because master Okikki requests your presence at the gathering” Nisca told her. “And please get that stupid as look off your face” she laughed in an obvious attempt to try and lighten the mood. Johnari quickly tried to disguise her feelings. Had it just been a coincidence that there really was something going on with Patima? She never told the coven of her past with Patima. She had been too ashamed of her life before they found her.
 “Why did he call a gathering?” Johnari asked. “The Adedeji council is preparing a marriage ceremony for King Tiran, he says it’s time to present our coven to the throne” Nisca answered. “One of our members is to be presented as bride candidate” Johnari said, knowing it was the best thing for the survival of the clan. No males had been birthed for centuries, and the large numbers of older Algul women were becoming restless to mate. I do not believe this is about the ceremony you folks need to have” Nisca stated shaking her head.  “The King is moving into town also, I heard he arrived a few days ago, with his special entourage in tow” half smiling as Chichi’s mouth plopped open in surprise.
Chichi usually had the market cornered on the gossip and Nisca felt victorious at beating her to the punch this time.  “Yeah well, we’ve got three days before the gathering to catch up, and you damn sure better be spilling the tea Nisca sense you know so much” Chichi jeered, and they all fell out laughing again. Johnari opened her eyes to a raging headache. The three clients from last night were heavy masochists. She would have to rearrange their schedules to keep from wearing out. Her shoulders ached from the repetitive movements of swinging the whip for almost four hours.  
She climbed out of bed and headed to the kitchen. Passing the guestroom, she could hear that Nisca and Chichi were already awake from Chichi’s moaning. Her chest tightened with envy for their love.  The three women have been through some of the worst imaginable circumstances together, but they always had each other to turn to for comfort. Johnari had felt left in the cold many times. She grabs the glass pot from the coffee maker and began filling it with water, as her thoughts drifted to last night. 
The presence had been at the club, hovering over her. Instead of feeling fear of the unknown, she had felt more aroused than she ever had. The ardor consumed her soul burning every inch of her body. When the icy water started spilling over her hand, she shook herself awake. Grabbing three 200mg Ibuprofen and popping them into her mouth, she began to prepare breakfast.  They would leave by noon to catch their flights to Brazil. The Algul had settled there in the 19th century with the freedom and anonymity they had hidden deep within the Amazon among the Indigenous tribes.
It had been close to sixty years since Johnari, and the others had left. She was not looking forward to returning to the hermitage that was her birthplace, but she could not answer the summons either. Her way of life and freedom depended on her loyalty. Traitors were dealt with severely by the Hunters, no one ever escaped, and all were returned dead or alive. Johnari yelped when bacon greased popped her on the forehead. She turned the fire off under the skillet and scooped the crisp strips out of the pan. “God I’m going miss easting real food” she mumbled savoring the salty taste.



Rising into the sky was seven series of arched bridges that composed the glass dome of  Tanglewood Square. The courtyard was designed in a conservatory, with many artistic mini gardens growing inside it. literary readings and the occasional wedding were often held here. The sunlight draped space was still a beautiful attraction connected to the Circle Centre Mall downtown. In need of a break from her guest’s amorous activities she ventured to her favorite spot for lunch just finishing off bourbon chicken with fried rice and wontons from Maki of Japan. She admired Asiatic culture.
She crossed the bridge connecting to the mall and window shopped through Victoria’s Secret, and New York & Co. until she reached her favorite store Bath & Body Works. Sniffing some of the newer fragrances she walked around the display table wondering why the hair on the back of neck tingled. She could feel eyes moving with her as she ambled through the store. Looking around nothing seemed unusual as the customers and clerks went about their business. 
Johnari worked her way to the shelves that held the Japanese Cherry Blossom fragrances. The line was all she ever wore daily. As she strolled through the rest of the mall carrying a complete set of the B&BW fragrance, she felt it again. 
Someone was watching her following her too. She stopped looking in a store window as she surveyed the area through the reflection in the glass. Nothing and no one stood out to her, but the feeling felt stronger than before. Deciding to leave the mall she made her way down on the elevator to the underground parking garage paying close attention to her surroundings a watching behind her to see if anyone got off the elevator she rode. 
Nothing happened as she unlocked her car doors with the remote on her keychain and hopped inside. 
When she started the ignition and pulled out of space, she had not noticed the large shadow that ducked behind a column. He watched her drive up the ramp to the ticket gate and exit onto the busy street. Then he made his way back to the bath & body works and bought a bottle of her favorite perfume before leaving himself.
Gibbons placed the small bag in the passenger seat and turned on the tracking app on his phone. Besides a day of shopping, his target was so far from the most boring woman he had ever tailed.  He wished he knew why Braxton was so interested in cat ladies. He checked her position as the miniature car moved along the map in the direction of her apartment building.  He better gets some snacks and dinner before posting outside the building. Gibbons drove away thinking it would not hurt to pick up a copy of Maxim either.

Johnari returned to her motel room to get ready for the night’s entertainment. Her first stop would be Halo, an upscale lounge and LGBT club in midtown to meet Mathieu a male submissive. Maybe make it over to Screams, a BDSM dungeon for novice individuals in the lifestyle. The owner was her mentor Mistress Sin, both Domme and Submissive she enjoyed playing for both teams and accommodating male and female patrons. 
She stepped into a black and white damask print bustier with velvet trim that zipped on the side. And then she squirmed into the black faux leather hip huggers which highlighted the fur lined g-sting nested in the crease of her ass. 
She French braided the double twist strands of hair upward, leaving the ends open held by a black elastic band, creating a spray of twirls on the top of her head. She perused herself in the mirror slowly until she could find no objections to her look. “Sexy bitch!” she told her reflection, grabbed her things, and hit the town. “Nothing wrong with mixing business with pleasure right!” she laughed to herself. The voicemail alert on phone went off in rapid succession of three chimes.


The Banquet Hall inside The Ravendale Hotel looked extravagant, lush with exotic vine flowers and orchids. It was contrary to the late November flakes of snow descending into the valley. The event staff was busy setting tables and chairs up and the smells from the Kitchen wafted throughout the room.  The guests began arriving around noon, entourages of opulently dressed dignitaries from various regions of the world going with their master’s to their new homes.
These primaries cloaked and unseen by those not in their inner circles were very mysterious indeed. The hotel staff buzzed about in awe of the parade, but had they known they would have been terrified instead. Johnari arrives at the engagement party unaware that she was chosen. She gets cornered in the bathroom by Mfume who she must fight off until attendants break up the fight. 
They lead her into a private room and redress her in fancy gown then escort her to the stage. As people begin to bow Tiran joins her and proposes. She accepts but leaves the party unsure of herself. Tiran catches her getting into the elevator and professes his heart. She tells him about her past and then about her work as the ghost. Tiran makes her promise that as a wedding gift she performs for him. 
She accepts but only if he tries it out before the wedding.

Johnari paced the gardens she struggled with her thoughts still dazed by the dream. "Are you worried over the ceremony mistress" a voice spoke from the shadows of the house. Johnari started turning quickly and the young housekeeper walked towards her carrying a basket of flowers. The moonlight distorted the features of her shadowed face, but her slender mouth and eyes gave her a sneaky almost demonic visage. Johnari recognized the girl from Azinza's entourage that had arrived earlier in the day. "I guess I am" Johnari replied suspiciously to the little spy. Something about her seemed familiar and uncomfortable. "I'm sure you'll do fine, your line as always made it through the process" she assured  Johnari sarcastically.
"I went through the process many moons ago with your Great Grandmother Maveri" she said as she inched closer to Johnari. "She defeated me in combat and left me unable to continue into the next round" she sneered as she came fully into the moonlight. Johnari, shocked by what she saw, tried to cover her reaction, but it had not slipped the maid’s notice. The scarf she kept wrapped around her head no longer hid the scar streaked across her face. From the top left side, it sliced downward across the bridge of her nose and cheek.
 "I mis-calculated her next move and received an unwelcoming gift for my mistake , first blood and all" She laughed. "First Blood?" Johnari questioned. "Well yes, first to draw their opponents’ blood during the battle wins the match" she laughed at Johnari’s ignorance. "I failed and disgraced my house, which is why I'm currently in the Ovein." "But you are strong like Maveri, maybe even stronger and will do well against Mistress Bisa tomorrow." she stared inquisitively at Johnari. "Maybe it is more apprehension than fear that is bothering you" she asked. 
"Maybe our way of life does not suit your heart?" "Maybe you’re just like the rest of your clan huh, better suited to a life outside of the Koventri?" she sneered.  Johnari gave her a scathing look that made the old woman flinch slightly. was fear she could smell it beginning to warm its way through her aura. Johnari closed the gap between the two women quickly, anger fueled at the woman's impertinence. "I will bring my house back from whatever disgrace the Koventri believes they deserve" Johnari sneered back at her. Johnari had enjoyed the outside, wandering felt like it was in her blood by instinct alone. but that instinct had driven her family out of the Koventri and away from the essence of the Keystone.

Tiran could finally relax himself. After the betrothal ceremony, he had one meeting after the other will council members and Noble Lords in preparation for the wedding. He also still had to deal with the rogue coven hiding in the shadows. They had dealt with enemies before, but this coven wanted proving their strength and forcing his hand to act. He had to get things in order quickly to focus his attention on where they needed to be, protecting his people. He was in TB’s having drinks for about an hour when a slave approached him.
Her eyes were directed at the floor she stood there quietly.  “Yes, slave what is it?” Tiran asked her as customary in the establishment. The servers were known as slaves and they had rules that consisted of not speaking unless asked, they must obey the orders of all higher ups, and to never look a higher than the waistline always. The woman spoke softly,” Sir, Master Guise has requested your presence at the candidate screening.” 
Tiran was interested in the selection process; he had been long contemplating joining the Dominants training class the club offered. And now that he was facing matrimony with a woman chosen for him, rather than it being his choice, he felt rebellious towards the entire affair. He watched as the D’s paraded their subs around the club. Some were openly doing scenes with their women in staged areas of the club as others looked on fondling erogenous zones on theirs.  
The enjoyment on all their faces gave him the courage to make his decision. “Thank you, please tell him I’d be delighted” Tiran finally responded to the patient slave. He finished off his drink and casually walked to the training room. When he entered, the women had been lined up according to height. They all had on only a bra and panty set, with colored bands on their left arms.
Guise greeted Tiran from a bar table filled with assorted sex toys and accessories.  Hey, my man, he reached out and shook Tiran’s hand. “Glad you came tonight. These new candidates must be my best class ever! He assured. 
“Present” Guise told the women, and they all got down on their knees. Spread their legs and placed their hands behind their backs. With their heads tilted back and their eyes closed, they looked (?).
Robin felt stupid and nervous about being a part of this group. When she decided to be a switch, it was impulsive and out of fear. Now she had to go through with it. 
The Man seemed hesitate too. She had heard so of the slaves talking around the club on unique occasions that he had yet to take part as a Dom with any of the women in the club. They had even nicknamed him the “Stone Stallion” on account that he was the best-looking statue in the club. Guise began to introduce each woman by sub nickname, a requirement for un-collared subs until a Dom named them. The club promoted privacy until a relationship was proved between Dom and Sub. “Master Jagger”, Guise began “this is Honey Pot, Lady Flower Cupcake, Wonderland, Jewel Box, Rosebud, and The Pink Panther.” He finished.
Robin heard their heavy footsteps as he circled the group. Stopping then starting again but never stopping in front of her. He walked past her twice before he moved away. The muffled baritones conversed for a moment then Master Guise called the choice, “Lady Flower, come” he commanded. Robin exhaled as quietly as she could to her relief, but it did not go unnoticed. “I’m sorry Pink Panther did you say something?” Master Guise asked her. 
Robin stiffened when she realized it had not been Master Guise at all but Master Jagger who had heard her breath. 
Guise laughed humorlessly as he approached the group. “Well, well, well your naughty little cat!”, “Present!” Guise yelled. Robin knew all the commandments well. She had come in as a candidate under an alias and no one knew she was a switch. 
She at once bent over still on her spread knees and lifted her ass. “The rest of you are dismissed” Guise ordered. “I am sorry Master Jagger. It is a good thing you did not choose this pet tonight. How fortunate for me though!” He bragged. His Louisiana French dialect was more pronounced with his excitement. 
His heart rate had increased, and Robin could smell his slight arousal in his perspiration. Tiran did not know whether he wanted to leave or stay and watch what was about to happen. He had not realized it when he called her out that no one should have been able to hear her. He would have to be more careful around humans before he exposed too much of himself. He looked at his choice and then at the kowtowed woman and wondered how stupid he could be. Pink Panther was obviously the least interested in the training class and he would have had a much better chance of not doing anything intimate with her than he did with Lady Flower who eagerly waited for him to carry her off.


Sat in the van and watched them exit the vehicle and climb the stairs to the entrance. snapping picks in rapid succession before they went inside.  She was freaked out when she viewed the photos on her digital camera, he had looked directly into the camera on film, but she had not seen him turn around once in the viewer.  At that moment something washed over her eerie and disturbing. Her mouth was dry in her throat raw and burning from her one heard scream each time she sliced open a new wound. 
the fill of his dagger teeth sinking into her flesh the seer that each pool of blood from her veins might be the last he listened to the rambling moderates as she drew closer in her incoherent state to death. But he just droned on talking to himself this isn't as if no one else was present what are you talking about she interjected the sound of gurgling blood in his lungs these areas were good to find women he needed they were there to sell themselves and their tricks along with the hustlers and all of the other deviants cruising around in the middle of the night.

sat in the car twisting her dread around her fingers bored out of her mind.  The first three hours she watched the prostitutes fuck their johns in the alley, and crackheads get high on the dock of the old warehouse. 
Adrian DuPlessis, a trust fund baby from an old Louisiana free family of sharecroppers. His grandmother hired her to keep an eye on everything he did. She did not seem to trust him now that he had access to his trust fund, and she could not control him with her money anymore.
The old woman scared the hell out of her. She looked ancient in her expensive clothes and wigs, but there was something that always was hovering around her like a shadow. A dark evil presence that made Johnari shiver in her boots. She tried to produce a good reason to tell Madame Sitra DuPlessis why she had lost sight of Adrian for over four hours. This was her first case as a private detective and hopefully he would show up here, where she had followed him to other nights. Johnari was about to call it a night when Adrian’s black escalade pulled up in the alley. He dragged ahis wife out of the truck behind him. 
She was dressed in a long dark cloak and barefoot. Her movements were sluggish. Other cars pulled into the warehouse parking lot behind them. The formally dressed men taking the drunken cloaked women inside of the building. Johnari grabbed her phone and got out of her car. She was dressed just like the other crackheads, so she could blend in on the street. She made her way across the trash littered parking lot to the side of the building just in time to catch the door before it closed after the last person. The entryway was dark, and she stood against the wall until her eyes could adjust to the darkness. 
Once she could get the shapes to take form, she walked through the first room following the sounds of the others voices and footsteps. Johnari followed them at a distance through the passages under the warehouse. The excitement began churning in her belly from the anticipation of where they were leading her. The tunnels had to be incredibly old; the intricately stoned walls were stacked on top of each other instead of the standard cinderblock used today. The path was also designed with various stones that were combined in a particularly complex and skillful way.
The mason work used was 18th century, Johnari remembered seeing similar work centuries ago but exactly where escaped her. She could feel a warm breeze beginning to caress her face as the path began to slope downward into the earth. The slight smell of sulfur and flora carried along with it and got stronger the further she went the glowing arch at the end of the tunnel illuminated the group of shadows made their way through it.  She could hear the footsteps of others shuffling around the inner chamber and held her position just beyond the entrance. Huge columns squared around a stone altar that was surrounded by a shallow pool of water.
Mr. DuPlessis and his guest were lying together on one of the few oversized chaises in the room. Other coupled up partners she did not recognize were on the others already in enjoying each other. Scantily clad men entered the chamber single file carrying large clay vases which they dumped into the shallow pool. Johnari realized that it was not water by its smell, but blood. Copious amounts of fresh blood were being used to fill the pool. What were they she thought, some sort of cult? She had seen them over time all over the world, worshipping some demon or practicing their invisible magic. 
These people were some of the extremists believing in ritual sacrifice to invoke their magic or spirits. She inched her way closer to the side of the wall looking for a way to get closer without being seen. She used her speed to get behind one of the smaller pillars on the outside of the ring. She used her smelling ability to memorize the scents of the robbed people to identify them later if needed. But the smell of the blood interfered with the process.  She craved the liquid that would quench her sudden insatiable thirst. 
Two exceptionally large men entered the chamber each carrying a set of manacles each. They were some bruisers too! She could not pick up their scent though; they smelled strange, neither human nor animal scents registered. They had a metallic or mineral odor that she could not place. They began to chain the drug up females of the group as the men removed the rest of their clothing and stepped into the pool. The bruisers led the chained women to the altar and hooked them to the base of it facing their partners. The men began to recite words in ancient Therian. 
How could humans have learned their sacred language? Adrian was more than just a spoiled rich boy Johnari concluded. Only the shamans used the dead language now, she would have to report this immediately to the council. Just as she made her way back over to the exit, the top of the altar was removed easily by the four men in masks. The thing had to weigh at least ten tons, but they held it up effortlessly. Johnari could not see who was in it, but she could smell the rotting Therian inside it. Who were they trying to resurrect and why? The blood in the pool began to flow upward into the stone coffin. 
It moved like it had a life of its own and seemed to try to take a human form. DuPlessis and the other men stopped reciting their words and approached the women. They used what looked like bone carved daggers to stab the women in the chest. Johnari knew it pierced their hearts because she could no longer hear the beating coming from their chest. She had to get to the council and report this right away. First, she would go by her own coven and inform Okikki, this would affect everyone. Johnari hurried her way along the way through the tunnel and back into the warehouse. 
When she came up through the basement vent, she was met by guards, only they were not human. So, whoever this cult was, they had an alliance with half-breeds too. The figures concealed in all black advanced on her and instincts took over springing her body into action. The sizzling of her nerves and flesh excited her as she changed into her true form. Johnari spun quickly on the ball of her foot.
hurried down the dark corridor expecting to get caught at any moment. It had been too easy to deactivate the locks on her door. She had hidden her abilities from her captors over the years once she realized that it would do her more harm than good and began to plot her escape.  All her senses had improved so much over time and were still progressing.  In the chaos that ensued after the ship crashed, she had assessed her memory on the keypad that unlocked her door. After several tries, she had finally managed to enter the correct sequence of numbers, and the door slid open. She had let it close for the final time without the feeling of being trapped. She timed the guard intervals after the staff left the labs and this was the only time they were away for the longest duration.  
Kianga kept counting in her head the minutes as they ticked by, she had about fifteen minutes until a guard would check the status in the lab and sound an alarm. The only thing that slowed her down was that she had no idea how to navigate through the ship. She unconsciously held her breath when she stopped to listen to anything or anyone.  Her hearing could detect the slightest sound, even a heartbeat. Assured that no one was around she continued to the end of the hall.  
Peaking around every corner she had to wonder where everyone else was. “Maybe they did know she was on the loose” she panicked, “and this was just another test, and they would ambush her before she made it too far” she thought. Caught unawares by the opening of a door, Kianga quickly ducked into an alcove (add more). A woman wearing a servant’s uniform and a guard stepped onto the floor and headed her way. Kianga flattens her body as much as she could to the back part of the wall as the footsteps grew closer.  
They stopped before reaching her as she waited terrified of being found. She checked the hall as the two people fondled each other and the girl fumbled with a card in her hand that she kept waving on the side of the door, when it finally opened the pair disappeared inside. She ran the short distance to the end of the hall and stopped in front of a wall terminal, she quickly studied the diagram it displayed. 
A three-dimensional map of the ship that displayed every corridor, compartment, and exit. 
She swiped her hand across the glass and the next frame appeared and showed her a maintenance grid of the ship’s circuits, ventilation, and other inner mechanisms. She located where she was on the map and how to get to the nearest exit. Kianga darted into the restroom next to the room the guard and girl had entered. Her memory of the ships map ingrained to her told her they occupied a utility closet. She only had to hide long enough for them to get what they needed and leave. 
She listened as things got moved around and then got quiet. After a few moments she could hear the heavy breathing and moaning through the wall and a constant thumping sound which was not a heart. Their heartbeat raced faster than before, and this sound was louder and steady. Kianga could smell the mixed and heady scents of their bodies drifting through the connecting vent in the wall. After being with Jaha in an intimate way she assumed they were mating. 
It never occurred to her that people would do it spontaneously with each other. She was also intrigued that they were finding pleasure in the action which she never could. The loud moans abated as the thumping stopped. She could hear the woman giggle among the shuffling and then the door opened and closed. The heavier footsteps walked in the opposite direction as the lighter ones stopped in front of the restroom doors. 
The door opened and Kianga hid behind a partition separating the stalls as the girl walked to the sinks and began studying her reflection in the mirror. When she pounced on the girl, Kianga had no thought or premeditation of what she was doing.  She had just acted out of fear of being discovered.  She wrapped an arm around her neck and squeezed tightly until the squirming and gasping ceased to exist. Then she dragged the body into one of the stalls and closed the door. She placed her ear to the door before opening it slightly to check for the guard. There was no one in the hallway so she made her way to the transport the duo had arrived on. 
Frantically tapping on the wall panel as a red light blinked each time alerting her it was locked. She finally remembered the card she had seen at the servant’s place on the keypad and ran back to the lavatory and fished out her prize from the girl’s pocket. She made her way back to the lift and hopped aboard, when it reached the next level, and the doors opened, two guards were waiting in the hallway.  Instinct once again took over as Kianga charged the men moving so fast, they had no time to react when she tackled one to the ground knocking him out cold the slamming the other guard into the wall.
The force was hard enough that his skull cracked leaving streaks of blood behind it as his body slid down to the floor. The end of the hall opened into a large room filled with metal crates stacked on top of each other. Shelves lined up the walls stocked with other bags and boxes. She dipped in between a stack of crates as crew members moved about their work and chatted with other guards lounging around. Moving through the winding rows she made her way to the entrance but the large gap of space between her and freedom meant she would surely be seen making her exit.
She had not heard the man come up behind her over the thumping in her chest that echoed loudly in her ears until his scent caught her attention. She crouched down and spun around springing onto action slashing into his face and neck. He fell into a stack of crates screaming and choking on his blood as the crates crashed to the ground. Crew members and guards all came to attention racing to scene of the disturbance. “What the hell is it” a crew member asked wide eyed as he came to a sudden halt next to a guard that had his gun aimed on Kianga. She launched into the air flying over their heads into a somersault.
And came down slashing her claws into their backs. The bodies dropped face first into the floor a mass of severed bones and entrails.  Tiny stings bombarded her body, and she took off for the open bay doors as rounds fired behind her.  
The dreadful symphony of the dark forest. fear so powerful it becomes your only emotion.  she could smell a multitude of aromas, but it was difficult around her own stench. She had lost track of the others at the cliffs. in the chaos, she was surprised any of them had made it that far. howls in the distance made her move just a little faster.
Her terrified feet bleeding scraped and bruised from the countless rocks and sticks. 
that seemed like they were protruding from the ground. the soles of her feet to her lower lumber are hurt, 
and she lost her last flip flop about a mile back. Her toes are cold as ice and throbbing, her legs are tired as hell. and she is out of breath, damn near choking on the mixture of sweat and mucus draining from her sinuses.  can hear their feet whisking aggressively against the leaves after her, horrified about what will happen if their caught. How far does this damn hill go up?
She became a blur in the night as she raced into a copse of heavy foliage and thick trunks of the massive trees composing the lush jungle. She stumbled through the clay mud as the large leaves slapped her face. Hoots and howls, scratching and slithering, the noise of her surroundings was unfamiliar. One sound grew louder as she reached a clearing where the land stopped, split in half by the water roaring passing through it. Behind her she could hear the rustle of the leaves as a search party moved closer to her. 
The dim light of the floating orbs moving over the vegetation told her she had no time to spare. Searching for a way to cross the water with no luck she dived in just as the red glowing orb alerted the others to her position as the cold current pulled her away. melissa ran across the muddy ground swiftly into a copse of wild grass and vegetations. the large thick palms slapping her against her face and body as she changed into the unknown invading her sensitive hearing the sounds of hoofing, animals, scratching on the bark of the trees, flapping of wings.
the slither of all things moving on the ground, when she came upon an area of dense foliage she slid to a stop as the land separated in front of her. the roar of the water misted and foamed as it moved along rapidly on its own path, through the jungle. Behind her she could hear the rustle of bananas and the crunch of leaves and sticks as her pursuers closed the distance. She searched for a way running along the bank of the river to no avail. An orb burst out of the leaves and the yellow light turned red flashing in the night. she looked to the water and leapt, either she would gain freedom or death she thought as the cold current rushed her away.


I knew at an early age that something about her made people act indifferent towards her. But the males, men of all ages would start to act weird after a time. beguiling with their affection and contriving with their words. Creating for me a delusional dreamscape that has intimate knowledge of the current state of my life. I became aware yet still naive, my growing wisdom of the credulous acts of men was still buffered by my innocence. Because the wiles of men were unchanging in desire, but transformative with a trickery subterfuge.
So, I live inside myself, my own reality, it was hard to swallow, her breaths puffs of smoke disappearing into the night. I watched to see if he would say the same things,  the echo of something off in the distance. Her heart raced, kept moving slowly feeling her way along the wall  legs felt useless beneath her. She tensed the hairs on her body prickling, acid rose in her throat, takes deep breaths hands unclench,  the hollow place in her we stare at each other for a long time in an uncomfortable silence. 
there was too much silence, hands damp and sweating, hand touches the gun feeling the cold steel on her fingertips, his eyes searched my face, opened and closed his mouth until the shock reached the top to his brain, his shaggy black hair  (?) his tightened balls, cock still slick with cum. static fills my head, grates at my nerves and roars a white noise in my ears. my arm lifts from behind my back I pull my gun quicker than their stunned minds cannot react in time if I did want to shoot the bastard. 
I fire into the dressing mirror behind him. sending dangerous shards and brittle little pieces to the carpet that’s when his dumb ass ducks pulling the sheet up to his chin. Crouched down on the side of the bed his wide eyes moved over my face, "We didn't want you to find out this way" Zi whispers from her upright fetal position against the headboard. But I ignored her, I kept my gaze on him, "Fuck you" I yell at the top of my lungs. turning my body, tears stinging my nose, I walk out of the room. 
he followed me down the hall, the most intimate place we'd ever been in. I ignored her again, i took a step back looking him over with a nasty frown on my face,  i don’t want or need you, i did that once, looking back into the room, she stood by the door wrapped in his shirt, gesturing to her, you can't put this back together again, we will never be sisters. He grabbed me around my waist pulling my body up and away from Zi, turning our bodies in such a way as to mold himself into my back. Trapping me but covering that bitch.
I stumble on the edge;   I do not know how long I stayed like that. My world slowed down in that instant as I leaned acutely sloped over the stairs. Val d called out for my hand; I did not want to move from that spot. my eyes closed as my waist fell backwards, ass dropped, a foot whipped up in the air. distinct parts of my body hit the marble steps as I tumbled down. Pelvis first with a bounce, the clavicle sharply on an edge, chin to collar when the back of my head hit the banister, rolling my right knee hit a step then my hip. 
After my forehead hit a step, I could not tell you what happened until I hit the bottom. So, fucking hard when my back smacked the floor so hard i woke up from the pain. My chest seized so tight I could not breathe; I wheezed trying to drag in air. D came running down after me still naked, dick flopping in complete disorder but loose. My eyes were still trying to focus as he crouched beside me legs spread wide same bouncing dick now hanging in my face.
 I was incredulous, aroused, and  undeniably embarrassed. That I did not feel the pain inevitably to come.
How could I, who just shot a damn gun like a badass end it with a fall down some fucking  stairs? he was grabbing my face lifting and turning it from side to side checking my injuries. I tried to wave him off and he just smacked my hand aside. So, I grabbed the width of the off endingly beautiful cock and yanked. He howled something monstrous falling back, rolled up  on his side into a fetal position.
Our love was so beautiful but now it felt so ugly as a new dread cold and unyielding, burrowed painfully in her abdomen. now she was the one gasping in a fetal position until the cramping ebbed. rolling her body on to her knees brought aches and afflictions she had never suffered all in one go. when she finally got to her feet hunched over her belly. She staggered through the front door, down the driveway to her truck. D followed shortly after also slightly hunched calling her, but she ignored him now. She would never see either of them again. 
Fuck this family I hate this fucking world, cause this world, this reality, is for the birds, my body seemed weightless, I felt nothing, was I paralyzed or even there, or where? yes where was I? was I blind too,  the tingle of blood running through my scalp, slipping ever deeper beneath wave and disappearing. the car rolling over and over down the steep hill to the highway below. Car tires steeling brakes grinding but not fast enough, the small car hit the overturned SUV at 40mph head on.
 There were cars swearing into the embankment to avoid colliding with other vehicles. one cash after the other. By the time it had stopped at least ten or more vehicles engaged in this devastating pile up. Dakari squeezed himself between the mangled metal to get to Val, her SUV was now mashed against the concrete abatement. He raced to the passenger side which was facing him but suddenly slowed his steps. Inching closer to it he was preparing himself for the worst. A sudden burst of emotions overcame him when he focused on the severe damage. 
The middle is caved in. Doors shattered and missing. The metal almost split in half. As he came closer, he could see the back of her body twisted inside the metal. He called her name in a choked sob. Her head was turned so far over her left shoulder he could see blood running down the side of her face. The flesh on her cheek peeled away from her crooked jaw. He dropped to his knees at the horror of it all. He wishes he were stronger, wished he could close his eyes and not be forced to stare at her lifeless mangled body. 
bile rose and spewed across the debris littered asphalt mixing with oil and antifreeze. He buried his face in his hands as sirens drowned out his screams. The jumble of police and emergency vehicles. The bend of the road was filled with flashing lights. Red, blue, orange, and yellow colors spun across homes and yards and sullen or accusing eyes staring at D through the crowd. a burden that could not be lifted. 
He would have to bear the weight of his actions for the rest of his life. The rumble of distant thunder and the smell of dew in the breeze fit perfectly with how he felt in that moment. a deep hurt and shame resonating through him as he held back the tears in his eyes. lightning flickered in the distance there is nothing you can do now but be there for her through this the met tells him, are you riding or following. 
SHE FELT THE CHILL OF HIM CHASING BEHIND ME. The ground quaked with each clawed foot dug into the earth giving chase behind me. muscles seized in my legs from fear, i toppled head over heels rolling to the cold hard ground. I dissolved into smoke, a quick dispersal of flesh to atoms, matter to air. 

As she gazed at the burning rooftops, Awjéwjé knew the small village would not survive the Ojiji. "He will not abandon me, he will not Awjéwjé prayed as her body trembled in. But believing it may not be true.   Before she feared the life in seclusion awaiting her and the child. Now she just wanted a way to live. Awjéwjé had to survive her current situation first before she could contemplate her future. Awjéwjé found herself suddenly across the room rolling with rubble and dust. from the wall a goliath stalked into the room. 

Drawing closed wide magnificent wings. the sable soft feathers folded into his back. Awjéwjé cowered, curled over her stomach severe cramping seizing her body. "Trying to hide?" Namhul asked Awjéwjé. . "I am, pray mercy be with me." she prayed gathering herself together. Muscles pull painfully as she slowly raised up in defiance. Her fingers clenched around her knees as Awjéwjé despaired of the inevitable. "Oh, please wait “she mewled at the emerging child.

Namhul’s ire, his abhorrence for her reeked from his skin darkening his luminance. He slammed his fist into the side of Awjéwjé  face collapsing the cheekbone like brittle glass shattering her teeth. Awjéwjé   entire face was a bevy of pain causing her to fade out. Her legs crumpled when the other fist connected with her stomach. increasing the pain between her legs. He hauled her to her feet Awjéwjé dangled in Namhul's grip. Kianga's head limply hung back over her shoulder. The stench of Namhul's breath was unlike anything she had ever known. But looking into his eyes, deathly hollows filled with a vicious rage, its heat burned her eyes. “Where is your Sile Kan?" his voice a rich baritone snarled into her ear. Kianga felt him sniff drawing deep breaths of the acrid scent of fear. His nails digging into her arms cut into the skin. 

Namhul threw Awjéwjé, the veritable force into the solid surface jarred her with radiating pain. Lifting her body  from the ground and pinning against it the wall, he shredded the cloth wrapping her body. “I know off your sins Eniyan," he whispered licking her neck." I, more than most understand the urges to join our bodies with your kind" his hands firmly rubbed up and down her thighs. Kianga tried to shove away from the wall, but it was pointless. Namhul did not budge but gyrated his hips into Kianga's ass. nudging it with his enormous erection. 
Kianga was instantly sickened to feel his member slide between her legs and stroke her cunt, but it did not stop the wetness of her arousal.

The engorged crown penetrated her orifice and stretched her painfully although she had widened already from the labor.  He began thrusting just the head into her, the girth of his penis terrifying her with the thought that she would be ripped apart at any moment.  Her contractions came upon her severely and she felt the baby squeeze itself through her canal. Namhul released her body from against the wall and stepped back and Kianga was again kneeling on the floor.
.
	Beaten, broken, and fevered her sheath ruptured. fluid escaping Her uterus contracted, retracted forcing the baby through her channel. Kianga’s blood vessels tore as the placenta pulled away from the wall of her uterus.  not constricting strongly enough and she started bleeding out. Kianga unknowingly hemorrhaging and without any way to stop it. The head of her baby is in distress and might be dead soon. Kianga slipped quickly into unconsciousness leaving their lives to fate . 

Abel could see the black smoke rising into a rich warm amber skyline. He launched himself with a powerful downward thrust of wings into the sky. The village annihilated its red clay scorched in hellfire. Covered in ashes, smoldering earth, and flesh. A vengeance wrought from an evil that would never be good. and he knew the source of this madness. 
His transgressions were the reason this happened. his decent heavy with the burden of guilt festering inside him. He crossed the threshold grief-stricken, “Aawe’le” Aaabe’el called to her. He crawled up along her motionless form almost impossible to hold. He wants to hear her voice not the painful silence of her mangled face. He finally pulled her gently into his arms. Unable to keep composure he became overwhelmed in sorrow. His tears pooled into the hollow of her collarbone where his face pressed into her neck.  
“I can’t move until you do Aawe’le.” he whispered as he began to gently rock their huddled bodies back and forth. “Two, which were meant to be on Awa”, “Two which were meant to be one so I can’t leave or live without you!” Aaabe’el’s disheartened soul echoed his words.  Back and forth he rocked devastated in feeling what little life was left in her.  Namhul, crashing through the roof and landing with an earth-shaking thud, spoke in a harsh tone to his brethren.
	“Ah, so you would weep over the loss of such ugly creatures as these?” “I did wonder if your emotions would sway you”. He lightly waved it off with his hands and crossed his arms across his chest.  “Not only did you shame yourself the first time, but once you chose to continue” and he paused realizing what he was about to say. “Once you placed your seed and a portion of your Holy Spirit into that filthy body you swaddle, you betrayed me” he spat unable to control the saliva as it spewed in Aaabe’el’s face. 
	Fury igniting a fire in his chest Namhul snatched his short sword out and plunged it deep into the center of Aaabe’el’s chest. Looking down at the knife protruding from his chest and piercing him in his back, he replied, “Yes!”  Gasping for air he repeated, “yes, because I’m holding now the most precious of anything imaginable in my arms you fool!” as his body hunched forward, the weight of sword handle dragging him down. He placed his fist around the hilt and pushed himself up as far as he could.  Leaned slightly over he locked gazes with Namhul, “then let there be no trace of doubt between us” Aaabe’el hysterically shouted as he burned with rage pulling the sword from his chest. A crimson waterfall of blood washed down his chest before he could cover the gorge with his hand. He fell over Kianga’s body lying across his lap and cried again, this time with all the love he felt. “May gods show you a mercy, which you shall live many days as you live now? Condemned to suffer each death as if it were your own, tenfold of what you have made your victims suffer.” he cursed at his so-called brother.

	“Namhul, what goes on here?” asked a male voice from the shadows outside.  “Ah, Ze mahal” Namhul responded back as he walked towards the other angel.  Aaabe’el saw his chance to save his beloved and child. He sliced his wrist with his fingernail and poured his blood over Kianga’s lips until a steady flow began to drain into her mouth.  He could sacrifice his own essence to bring life back to theirs. He watched Namhul and Ze mahal seemed to disagree in a heated exchange of words, which ended in Ze mahal surrendering to the will of his commander. Aaabe’el’s breaths grew shallow and after a few more moments his chest fell completely still.  His eyes glazed over a frosty white lens and his blood was liquid coal, black and thick. Namhul stood awed staring at the crystal statute with the moonlight reflected in a kaleidoscope veil of light over the room. Possibly regretting his erratic behavior, for Aaabe’el had reached his final death at his hands. He stared at the scene in front of him for the last time, roared a great cry and leapt into the air. It was time to gather the other Sentinels and finally eradicate the Eniyans from existence. The tedious search for the Sile Kan that lay ahead of him would be difficult to do alone.

	“You do know that I can’t let you bring that demon into this world” Namhul stated.  “It’s time to reign in those who willingly continue disgracing our lord, continue to spread those half breeds of theirs across creation.” Namhul challenged her.  He withdrew a short sword from a scabbard that was strapped to hip. Namhul stalked to where Kianga was bleeding out with a half-delivered baby lying on the floor.  Grabbing a fist of her hair so harshly she could feel strands ripping from her scalp. As weak as she was becoming, she tried to free herself from him, prayed for strength to protect herself as she clawed at his hands. Namhul brought the cold steel to her neck, the point of the blade pricking the skin under her ear. Kianga could only hope now that death was quick for, she was positive his intent was to kill her omo too, and she could not bear to watch. Kianga tried to dislodge the baby from the birth canal by pressing down on her abdomen, but the infant’s shoulders were stuck in place.
	Namhul drew his blade in an arch movement slicing the flesh of her throat and the muscles in her neck. Kianga’s jugulars were severed, her body thrashing for a minute, accompanied by the sound of escaping air as she coughed up blood. There was spray of bright red blood and then the pressure quickly died down to a steady pumping of blood that flowed down her neck. She remained conscious long enough to hear Namhul castigate her for the last time. “This was never supposed to be in the first place, but I shall forgive this trespass only because I was given the uninviting duty of the angel of death. I remain one of the Lord's servants even though I like to see the evil you Eniyans are capable of.” Namhul whispered to Kianga’s lifeless form. “Well, that was interesting” he mused as he walked away. Namhul’s ballistic flight fueled with seething hatred came to a halt over massive body water.  Admiring the world around him, that vast and beautiful creation fantasizing about what would gain. Olorun should have bestowed this kingdom to angels.  Then he dipped over and torpedoed into the water barely a ripple was made.
The clan chiefs and men of the village returned to the carnage when the sun was high in sky. Uzama Vara Nasi spoke to the farmers who were brave enough to follow even to the edge of the village.  It was already known as “Search for any who may still live and survive their wounds, if not then send them mercifully to Mawaa please”.  The men slowly spread out through the village, some of the men cried while others chanted prayers. Two of the men walked around what seemed the only hut that had not been burned out. A strange fluttering sound could be heard as dust floated in the air. They first stood there struck silently at what they saw. Then floored by what it meant.  It was one of gods’ own angels. They were brought out of the stupor by the soft mewling sounds from the lap of the angel. The blood covered naked infant weakly flayed about. One of the men ran to get the others as the other ran inside to the child. They carried the infant to the forest with them back to camp. Uzama Vara Nasi ordered the baby taken to the women’s tents, and his council immediately gathered. They had to figure out what the tribes would do next.  
	“Unfortunately, with complications such as nerve injury or fractures in the collarbone or arms of the baby, he still may not recover” the midwife hesitantly explained to them.” There is another thing Uzama, the witch Abena says the child is cursed, that Abiku has claimed his spirit, that what happened in the Oku-ile could curse our village also Uzama!” The midwife spoke. She grabbed her clothing wringing it into knots with her fists.  She kneeled and sat on the heels of her feet, she bowed and began to plead with the elders.  “Throw the child away, what more can we do when no one wants it here, no one will mother him” “That is what we cannot do, you shall take him to the caves and let Abena decide this child’s’ fate woman” Uzama chastised, “I would like the rest of you to begin preparations to move clan as far away from the Oku ile as we can without leaving the river”. Uzama looked around at the terrified faces before him that reflected his own emotions, “This situation may be far from over I fear, and many will not survive.” The witch Abena raised the child, teaching him the ways of the ancients as they had learned the canonicals and tenets. He was a lovable boy in his youth and as he got older, they sent him to foster with the warriors of Alagbara in the Oduna.  He would face less ostracism from the people there because they would not know of his history after so many years of seclusion inside the Temple.
 
NOW…
1910, The New-Era Jubilee

Krimms Fallow, lush with vine flowers and orchids looked extravagant. It was contrary to the late November flakes of snow descending outside the mansion. Unnoticed servants silently attended the opulently dressed entourages of Freewood socialites. Peers distantly staring quizzically at the ominous hooded dignitaries. The Asakku Lords emanated darkness, a perversion that tainted the soul. Their disciples Demetrius and Sitra Duplessis, pretentiously paraded around the mansion. Relishing the influence and superiority the Summu Nura attained hosting the Lords for the Jubilee. Exalting their power and authority. A guitar ensemble played “La Prima Donna Waltz”, a Spanish harmony inviting the guests into the ballroom. The romantic melody resonated beautifully among the earth toned olive, mustard, and amber hued murals on the walls of the hall. Celebrators gaily chatting and spiritly dancing unaware of the true merriment to come as Eulalie Pierce entered. Her sickly-sweet aroma invaded the sensitive noses of those who crept behind her with rousing curiosity. Others distanced themselves, cringing in disgust as she passed. The creepy cinderella ambled her way down the travertine staircase. Steadying herself along the mahogany handrail. 
Eulalie felt worse with every movement she made. Each debilitating step felt like shards of bone were breaking apart and stabbing her. She tumbled down the rest of the stairs landing hard at the bottom. A pile of broken limbs wrapped in expensive fabric. “Help me Olufe!” she cries out, reaching for him. Elongated fingers dragged her decomposing body. Acidic bile burns its way up her esophagus spewing fragments of rotten internal tissue. The dark jewel of her obsession sauntered around a room of gasps and murmurs. Folks began to eagerly peek in volume. He chuckled when a woman tried to keep her vomit in her mouth. but it seeped through her beautifully embroidered handkerchief. Ateino Duplessis, the heir apparent, made his way to the center of the room, "Ladies and gentlemen" Ateino announced. "As you know our efforts to produce hosts has been a long difficult venture marred with failures, loss of brethren, and precious time”. "This!" he exclaimed pointing out Eulalie, "Is our renewal, an evolutionary catalyst to our true being!" He boasted spreading his arms out at the creature no longer human moaning before them. Inciting a victorious climax of jubilation within them all.
Ateino flinched watching her distorted bloated face leak a dark viscous secretion out of her nose and eyes. Eulalie’s body transformed before their eyes. Ateino stiffened nervously, backing away from the creature in front of him. This was not what they said the serum would do. Guests panicked as Eulalie shakily raised her torso off the floor. Thick leathery ligaments woven over a horned layer covering her spine. She attacked the group of people cowering closest to her with speed and agility. Slicing into their bodies with her thick claws and rows of sharp teeth shearing flesh from bone. One after the other lay dead. The escape was frantic and merciless as the strong trampled the weak attempting to save themselves. Ateino, surrounded by loyal companions, fought their way through the crowd striking down anyone in their path. He heard the screams echo from inside the building as he darted across the lawn into the tree line. There were too many witnesses escaping with him to this tragedy. He would have to go hiding to avoid the consequences the council would have for him. Asakku Lords calmly walked away from the murderous spectacle safely outside of the mansion.
The Belgian Black horses galloped quickly, jostling Ateino, Sitra and Adrian around the carriage. Something hits the top of the carriage rolling it over. Occupants tumbled body over body limbs tangled. They could hear the creature prowl outside quietly freeing themselves from the other. Its screech rattled the horses off at a furious speed dragging the carriage. Ateino is thrown from it and left behind. He shakily gets up wounded by the impact. He watched the creature chase after them, certain it would be the last time he would see them alive. Encumbered by his injuries Ateino limped his way through the woods. Fleeing towards Sparrows Perch, his father’s ancestral home. Gifted to his mother Menrva Krimm after their marriage as dowry, becoming her prison after the divorce. He was the only resident of the manor now after his mother’s disappearance some years back. Ateino stopped to rest cause the pain in his leg grew. He heard the bells of Little Water ringing in the distance. He decided to go there instead. Heaving himself up he meandered off in its direction. 
Stumbling in the night over invisible objects and uneven ground. He could hear voices, so he had to be close. “Help me!” he shouted frantically searching for aid. But he had lingered long enough for the creature to find him. He heard a foul hissing sound and turned his head. A grotesque form moved through the mist surrounding it. Its face was framed by wild, weed-strewn hair, and dark slimy flesh hung from its lithesome body. Large yellow eyes glinted in the moonlight. Ateino wailed in despair facing imminent death. “Eulalie, It’s me my poupette!” He pleaded, voice trembling. Eulalie bellowed a wild shrill cry. The force hit Ateino, causing heavy pressure that resonated through his body. He crumpled under the pain of shattered bones.  Grinding bones into muscles kept him from raising his arms. Separated from his shoulders and sagging at his sides. Ateino cried uncontrollably from fear and helplessness. Her claws carved across his chest tearing away the skin and tissue beneath. He had incurred Eulalie’s wrath on himself who swings again. Tearing open his abdomen and ripping the insides out. 
Audra screamed, shocked by what she was witnessing. Eulalie recognizes her essence and stops attacking Ateino. She inspects Audra threateningly circling her. Audra moans when the mist burns at her feet. Eyes closed, and body shaking terribly scared shitless by the creature Audra begins pleading to a higher power. Audra stood in dire anticipation of the monster’s attack. When it did not come, she dared to look upon it again. “Ooh!” she moaned regrettably because it was crouched a few feet away from her. The Shadow of death whose murky mist encased most of its body. Audra could not fathom why it had not attacked her too but momentarily felt grateful. It moved closer causing Audra to step backward prepared to flee. The monster’s low snarling told her that was not going to be an innovative idea.  She watched it study her as she did the same. “What is that?” Audra thought, noticing it had something swinging around its neck. Identical to the necklace she wore, “It couldn’t be?” Audra grieved. Audra limps forward calling out to her. “Eulalie…Eulalie can you hear me?” she whispered soothingly. Her mist drew inward closer to her. Audra felt devastated gazing upon what remained of her beloved sister. Eulalie crawled across the forest floor as piercing fragmented visions flooded her mind. Eulalie’s nose pointed in the air and her head jerked. 
An electric static crackled in her mist as it began to take shape around her bones. She had only thought of the strength to stand at the time. The scent was stronger, and it made her float faster. She moved as fast as the wind itself, the mist decaying everything in its path. Animals scattered, but anything within reach of the dark mist emanating from her corpse pulled the essence right out of it. It was not enough to heal her. It was barely enough to keep her sane. Audra Pierce searched for the wilderness moving her flashlight over the shapes in the darkness. She could hear the low hum of the wind as it rustled the leaves floating across the ground. The winds hum with each heavy breath of fear.  She lost track of the others in the chaos surprised any of them had made it this far. howls in the distance made her move just a little faster following Eulalie’s putrid odor left behind.


Caraline came awake with a tug on her blanket. She looked up at Adah, Fumi and Mélisaire with sleepy doe eyes. The 22-year-old looked so innocent despite all she had been through in the program. Caraline had become fond of certain staff members over others and desired no maltreatment because of her actions. She just wanted her freedom and her life back. After five years, Caraline had a chance for that, and she was going to take it. Along with her infant, she did not know whether it was a child. And this was their chance to live outside of the Institution, so she dressed quickly and followed Adah. Dr. Evereden, superintendent of The Blackhope Sanctuary & Asylum, and his associates left earlier in the evening for the festivities at Krimms Fallow. A small staff worked the grave shift, so the plan was to create a diversion by setting the other patients loose. Adah, Fumi and Mélisaire worked unlocking the doors of patients. Caraline held her breath as they hurried to get to the nursery. She held back the panic and scurried down the corridor. Whatever apprehensions she held it was too late to turn back now. 
She firmly and slowly pushed down on the handle of the security door to the emergency exit. The women had to go two floors down quickly before the staff discovered the women were not in their rooms. Back flat against the wall at the sound of footsteps passing by the door. Sliding quickly down when her legs threatened to buckle under her. She gripped the doorknob reminding herself to stay focused, forcing herself to believe she could. Opening the door Caraline stopped immediately when she heard the nurse’s voices. She crept close enough to see through the glass partition of the nurse station. The ugly night nurse and her ugly friend were huddled at the desk over a magazine. She lowered her body and slithered across the floor into the nursery crawling between the cribs. Caraline picked up the baby with the birth mark on its forehead, it was the only thing she had been able to see before they whisked it out of the delivery room. Checking behind her repeatedly until she reached the next corner. 
Adah with her swollen belly wobbled down the stairwell to basement to meet Benjamin. She worried about the other women but had to secure her own safety first. Fumi escorted her carrying baggage of her own recently suffering the birth of a stillborn child. When they reached the lower-level Fumi headed in a separate direction to release the other women in the solitary. Following Fumi, Mélisaire held her breath as she hurried down the hall. She tried to hold down the tension spreading over her as she crept through the room. Mélisaire de Miribielle had woken up a day long ago strapped to a cold metal table with no memory of herself before. Nothing seemed familiar, faces and voices blended into an unknown territory of her mind. She never knew exactly what their intentions were with her. 
The soothing languid feeling of the music that was playing lulled her back to a peaceful slumber. 
She had learned to drown out everything else over the years if she had that music, that harmony which overpowered the injections, incisions, and prodding that were her life before today. The days when every bone in her body was broken just to see how they healed. The agony of it all still haunted her in her dreams. She pulled straps apart binding women to their beds. Mélisaire gagged on bile nauseated by the fetid stench of their unwashed bodies soaked in their own filth and feces. 
Most of them could barely stand without assistance, how were they going to carry themselves away? She really did not care at that moment and fled from the room. She had no knowledge of any institution other than the lab. They scrambled down the stairs with no time to waste and two guards were waiting. One of them was standing over an unconscious Caraline with a screaming baby stuck under her. Instinct, adrenaline, anger took over. She ran with all she had away from them towards the receiving area of the hospital.
Mélisaire racing faster than she knew she could. she made through the dock to the exit. Just as two more guards arrived & raised their rifles. "Just get down!" he commanded her. But Mélisaire did not listen. 
She ran through the garage doors just as the bullet whizzed past her head and the men chase after her. The baby begins to wail in earnest, scared by the warning shot Fumi rolls Caraline onto her back frantically trying to wake her. 
There was a large contusion on her forehead. And she was not breathing. Fumi gently wrestles the baby out of her arms and hurries to the tunnels. Benjamin Stuart had not only been forced to carry carcasses through them weekly, but it was also his family that designed them. The underground cave system was complex and confusing to anyone who had not been in them on a regular basis, but only he knew about the passage which caved in during the hospital’s construction. 
They were old mine tunnels that brought coal to the asylum. What his grandfather started his father completed before his death. Benjamin had their ashes in jars buried just outside the exit. Along with his brothers and mother. He had already gone down and dug every one of them up and placed them in a bag.
He himself had only stayed because his sister Patty was in the breeder wing. After his mother died in labor she was kept in the nursery under watchful eye. They were the few remaining survivors from the Black Creek Indian tribe. Patty scurried through a dusty corridor followed by the others. 
“Ben?” she called into the darkness, “Here, over here!” he called back. Stepping out from a small gap. “This way, come on let’s go” he ushered them. “Is this it?” Benjamin asked when Okikki passed through. “Yes, yes let’s go!” he assured him.
Benjamin waited until they were deeper in the tunnel to light the lanterns. He handed one to Okikki “You take the lead.” He told him “I’ll cover our backs!” he whispered. Benjamin coughed sporadically as they moved quickly through the dusty stale aired tunnels. He noticed Adah’s slow pace and became concerned. “How are you doing miss?” he asked moving beside her.  “Just trying to catch my breath, you know” Adah wheezed.  “We got a way to go yet, so let me know now if you feel troubled.” Benjamin commanded softly. 
They had a good start with most of the staff going over to Krimms Manor. Benjamin needed to make sure they kept it. A chilly wind blew as it ripped the warmth away from their skin. “We should go up into the mountain.” Okikki whispered. Panting hard exerted already with the heavy climb before them. Adah’s toes were cold, and her feet were bleeding from being scrapped on the countless rocks in the tunnel. Legs throbbing, she was tired as hell, and she left her slippers behind. Patty could vaguely hear the ambient thrum of rushing water. “The river Benjamin!” Patty exclaimed. “The mongrels fear water brother” she insisted embracing the baby tight to her ample breasts. The frenzied howls of the beast in the distance grew louder the closer they came. 
They moved fervently through Black Wicker woods towards Jacobs Ladder.  “We’ll stay in the water until we reach Gray Fox pass.” Benjamin directed them. “The waters too high for that!” Okikki disagreed being a poor swimmer.
“Chance we’ll have to take.” Benjamin replied nervously. They carefully tread down the steep bank into the stream of chest high water. The soft silt and pebbled bed made keeping their footing difficult. Benjamin carried the babies over his head in a makeshift sack of clothing while the others struggled along.
The mongrels ran around restlessly in search of an alternate way to get to them. “Go, go!” Ateino yelled from the back of the group frantically. Hastening their progress, the escapees slogged in the frigid moonlit waters. Fear triggered a heightened awareness of the present dangers. An uneasiness about the perils to come from an ambiguous future. Where will they be safe, where they will sleep, how will they manage supporting themselves? They reached the cliffs of the ravine trudging out on the opposite bank of river. 
Gasping and shaking uncontrollably as the cool air stiffened cloth and flesh. The shuffled footfalls through the thickets startled them.  “Hide!” Caroline whispered. They scrambled behind bushes and boulders to hide. A spare group of people aguishly labored across the harvested corn field. Benjamin’s group hesitantly worked their way among the desolate stragglers. Hoping where they were going would lead them to salvation. The frenzied crowd hurried out of the tree line crossing the field. Some were still in shock while some carried the injured. Terrified, bloody, and covered in soot they returned to Château de Miribielle. The modestly large French country house of noble Étienne de Miribielle, grandfather of Roseline Cessette de Miribielle Rev. Jeremiah Prince opened the gates to let them inside the walled perimeter. Roseline tore across the slick grass hiking her long robe around her short stature but sturdy frame. An admirable but modest woman and no stranger to the atrocity’s life imbued. Staff members hustled around inside the house preparing a makeshift treatment area. Watching the commotion from a bedroom window, an oval-faced, stout nosed adolescent with a full head of entwined long black hair stood mesmerized. 
Jeremiah Jr. gazed through the dark at thousands of hot embers dancing wildly around dark plumes of smoke rising into the apocalyptic red-orange hue illuminating the skyline. The pungent smell of smoke drifting through the forest was secretly intoxicating to Afillia. An acrid stench mixed with the sweet headiness of smoldering wood. “But the fearful, the unbelieving, the abominable, the murders, the whoremongers, and idolaters shall have their part in the lake that burns fire and brimstone”. Afillia prayed condescendingly. “I tried to tell Mama not to send residents to help those wicked folks.” She said self-righteously. Verrica tried to calm a two-year-old Valley crying on her hip. She sat down hugging him and away from the window. Unable to control her own frightening emotions and cried too. Scared the flames would find their way to them. Families returned to the carnage in the colony when the sun was high in the sky. The Éadda Vara Nasi of Imria.
Malah spoke “We can’t let these corpse’s infections spread.” them mercifully to Éanna please!”.  They all covered their mouths and noses with pieces of cloth. Residents searched for shacks throughout the settlement. Most cried while others chanted prayers for the souls of the dead. 
Two of the men walked around the only shack that had not been burned or damaged. Even the devil did not want to go into the kikúkku. A strange fluttering sound could be heard as dust drifting out under the planks of wood.  They stood frozen silently at what they saw. An obsidian winged statue cradled a newborn which lay mewling faintly in its arms. The blood covered infant weakly flayed about. One ran to get the others as the other ran inside to the child. He carried the infant through the forest with them back to camp. Ñamabba Nasi ordered the baby taken to the women’s tents, and his council immediately gathered. Inside the underground caverns on Mt. Eduku, a giant hill that provided sanctuary in times of need. Sitting encircled in the second chamber were Ñamabba Nasi, Tola, Gazimbi, Hurin, and Olaudah. The five clans of Sinar chiefs. “Unfortunately, with complications such as nerve injury or fractures in the collarbone or arms of the baby, he still may not recover” the midwife hesitantly explained to them. “There is another thing Ñamabba”, “The child is a Niğini, a cursed child who’s likely the cause of this Ñamabba!” the midwife Ilitani spoke. 
She grabbed her clothing, wringing it into knots with her fists. She kneeled and sat on the heels of her feet, she bowed and began to plead with the elders. “Throw the child away, what more can we do when no one wants it here, no one will mother him” Ilitani pleaded. “That is what we cannot do, you shall take him to the caves and let Umma decide this child’s’ fate woman” Ñamabba chastised. “I would like the rest of you to begin preparations to move clan as far away from the town as we can without leaving the river”. Ñamabba looked around at the terrified faces before him that reflected his own emotions. “This situation may be far from over I fear, if the Council discovers that we harbored a ??? in our village many will not survive.” Elliah called his son into the study with his father Ñamabba Olaudah, Jebi Trevelyan and Absalom Rayfield were already seated on the long couch looking as pious as ever with their stern brooding. “You’re aware of last night’s events on Krimms Fallow?” Elliahs asks Odale. “Yes Sir” Odale answered. “I’m still shocked!” He confided. “Some of us are not son.” Elliah admitted. “You know of our heritage and our honorable history” Elliah spoke. “But there are darker parts to that history that you must now learn son, starting with the order of Acclivis!” Odale listened for hours as the three men recounted their story.














