
Dark Ashoi: Covens of the Seven Sages

	The An, They are neither male nor female.  




The Eridu Genesis

Asur-luhi was involved with the power of transformative magic and exorcism, and negating the influence of evil Demons

Asarlu?i is an interesting figure too, actually, as he does not begin with his exorcist and magician capabilities. In the Sumerian era Asarlu?i was a god of the River Ordeal, marking him as a god of justice and law. Alongside this, he was known as the "August Sage," implying wisdom and knowledge of proper living. All of this creates an image of Asarlu?i as a type of judge, more than a magician or exorcist. 




Of the eight it gave birth to one was destined to become Lord of Dilmun and the other of Magan

the Crown of Divine Consciousness the Sumerians 

a Spider Goddess

the seals of Dilmun- stone seals of the Gulf region were made of steatite hardened by firing and often glazed after they were carved. The impression of the hemispherical stamp seal depicted, incised lines and concentric circles that decorate the back of this seal.

as Uttu the spider Goddess
Ninshubur as a seated woman
The Imdugud- or Anzű-bird, who represented the chaotic force of destructive Nature: thunderstorms, rockslides, hail, floods, torrential rains. 



Where the tablet picks up, the gods An, Enlil, Enki and Ninhursanga create the black-headed people and create comfortable conditions for the animals to live and procreate. Then kingship descends from heaven and the first cities are founded: Eridu, Bad-tibira, Larak, Sippar, and Shuruppak. 

After a missing section in the tablet, we learn that the gods have decided not to save mankind from an impending flood. Zi-ud-sura, the king and gudug priest, learns of this.

**************************************************************************************************************

 from The primeval sea (Abzu), which existed before anything else and within that the universe's of (Anki) the heaven (An) and the earth (Ki) were formed.

  The boundary between heaven and earth was a solid (perhaps tin) vault, and the earth was a flat disk. Within the vault lay the gas-like 'lil', or atmosphere, the brighter portions therein formed the stars, planets, sun, and moon.

 The formula for prayers and incantations "by the bond of heaven and earth" (or Duranki), as well as "from the Great Above to the Great Below". 









Abzu - Apzu - Apsu
 He is the "father" of Lahmu, Lahamu, An and Ki.

A primeval Sumerian-Acadian god who personifies the primordial abyss of sweet waters underneath the earth. He is the begetter of the skies and the earth.

He is the "consort" of Tiamat, the primordial abyss of salt waters of Chaos. (In the later Babylonian mythology of the Enuma Elish, the sweet water mingled with the bitter waters of the sea and with a third watery element, perhaps cloud, the first Gods were engendered.)


Abzu could not quell the noise of the younger Gods or their children. He colluded with his vizier Mummu to silence the Gods and allow Tiamat to rest, after Tiamat rejected the idea.

The waters of Abzu were thought of as held immobile underground by the 'spell' of Enki in a death-like sleep, but it is also said that Enki had Abzu fallen asleep and had killed him, because Enki found out about his plans .From the clay of Apsu man was fashioned.

This appears to be a Sumerian myth, because in the Enuma Elish, Qingu's blood serves this purpose.

Abzu's vizier, Mummu, was imprisoned by Enki in a house built on his body.(1)

 (1) See also the story of the Watchers in the book of Enoch about the punishment of the leader of the Watchers who took themselves wife's of Humans.

 Tiamat
The Sumerian and Acadian name is unknown, some scholars believe she was the same as Nammu.

Primeval Chaos, bearer of the skies and the earth, mother of Lahmu, Lahamu, An and Ki.

The clamor of the younger gods disturbed her, but she continued to indulge them. When Abzu and Mummu suggested that they kill the younger gods, she grew furious, calmed down and rejected the plan.

Her restless subservient Gods goaded her into action after Abzu was slain. They prepared to wage war against the other gods.

As Mother Hubur, the underworld river, who fashions all things, she bore giant snakes with venom for blood, and cloaked dragons with a godlike radiance yet with a terrible visage, for the war. She rallied :




1. a horned serpent 

2. a mushussu-dragon 

3. a Lahmu-hero 

4. a ugallu-demon 

5. a rabid dog 

6. a scorpion-man 

7. umu-demons 

8. a fish-man 

9. a bull-man and eleven others underneath her champion, Qingu.  

She gave Qingu the Tablet of Destinies to facilitate his command and attack.

Marduk came with his host to attack her. Qingu's strategy initially confuses him, and Tiamat tried to spell him, hurling jibes at him.

She was rebuffed and incited into single combat with Marduk. She continued to cast her spell and Marduk nets her, and throws a wind at her. She tried to swallow it and was undone - distended, shot, sliced in two and cut in the heart. Her crushed skull heralded her death, and half of her skin was used to roof up the sky. Her eyes became the sources of the Tigris and Euphrates rivers. (2)

 Lahmu and Lahamu
 The Sumerian and Acadian name is unknown (see the note above about the Earth and note 2 below).


- 'the hairy one' or 'muddy' they have three pairs of curls, and are naked except for a triple sash.

They were the first children of Tiamat and Apsu. Kakka was sent to fetch them by An, to help send off Marduk on his fight with Tiamat and be rallied to his side. They complied and helped find a princely shrine for Marduk.

 (2) A theory about the Earth is that in ancient times the earth lost half of her mass through a collapse with an other planet (maybe Mars) or what is left over from a planet who's orbit lies between Mars and Jupiter (the Asteroids belt). Another theory is that the Earth collided with a planet named Nibiru 
 
Many Myths, Legends and Sages from all over the world tells the story of collapsing planets in ancient times, especially Mars, Jupiter and the Earth. Many stories talk about these times when the Dinosaurs died out, the world was in flames, Floods came over the planet and an Ice age began.

As mentioned the Sumerians saw the God's as the planets of our solar system, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Moon, Mars, Unknown Nibiru ? ( about size of Uranus / Neptune), Jupiter, Saturn, Indeterminate (about size of Mercury), Uranus, Neptune, Pluto.

Note : Did you mention that the ancients knew the existence of all planets already thousands of years after the were re-discovered by modern scholars?. Neptune and Pluto were re-discovered in the 20th century.

Abzu, and Tiamat can be seen as the Heavens and the Earth and are in my opinion not "living" Gods but were worshipped as Gods by the Babylonians.

 An - An - Anshar


- 'whole sky' He is the father of Anu and Enlil and the "son" of Tiamat and Abzu. He is often paired with Ki, he also paired with Nammu, the Goddess of the Sea. It seems likely that he and Ki were the progenitors of most of the gods.

He and Enlil give various gods, goddesses, and kings their earthly regions of influence and their laws.

When Enki learned of Tiamat's planned war, An tried to stir him into attacking her first, but was rebuffed. He turned to Anu and sent him on a peace mission to Tiamat, but Anu returned unsuccessful.

An assembly was convened and Marduk came forth at Enki's urging, promising to deliver Tiamat's defeated body to An's feet. Marduk required of the assembly a promise that he would be given the leadership of the pantheon after he is victorious. He had Kakka gather Lahmu, Lahamu, and the other gods together to send off Marduk on his fight and rally them to his side. When they arrive they help find a princely shrine for Marduk.

AN god of heaven, may have been the main god of the pantheon, although his importance gradually waned from the time the Earth was colonized.

His primary temple was in Unug (Uruk, Erech).

In my opinions AN went back to his "home planet" shortly after his first consort Nammu had left, he leaves Ki (his second wife) behind and she stayed on Earth for a long time and she became one of the 4 primary Deities.

AN is the same as the God "EL", Elohim or Ely-on in the Bible, the God as mentioned in Genesis 1 as God who created heaven and earth.

In The Bible we can read :


Gn:1:1: In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. 

Gn:1:2: And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. 

Gn:1:6: And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters. 

Gn:1:7: And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.

Ki Belet-Ili Ninmah - Ninmah Mama - Kishar Aruru Nintu Mami


- 'whole earth' , She is the mother of Anu and the "child" of Tiamat and Abzu.

KI is likely to be the original name of the earth goddess, whose name more often appears as Nintu (the lady who gave birth), she is also called Mami.

She is the mother goddess of the Sumerians and Acadians. She is also called the womb goddess, and midwife of the gods. Her name means 'greatest queen' and is also called Dingirmach ('greatest deity') or simply Mach.

She helped Nammu with the creation of humankind and was held responsible for the birth of seven deformed humans who she created first and was later responsible for the creation of man with the help of Enki. (3)

 (3) With the help of Nammu, Ki created seven deformed humans from the blood of Qingu.

In the poem of "Enki and Ninmah" we can read more details about these deformed humans, of with the male and female had no sexual organ to produce children. Later, the gods asked her to create mankind for them. At Enki's direction, Ki mixed clay with the blood of the god Geshtu-e, in order to shape seven man and seven women.(4)

(4) It seems to be that Ki, along with the help of other God's, created man and women from the blood of another God (Geshtu-e). Again we hear about the number 7, like 7 days of creation in the Bible. These creation would bear the workload of the Anunnaki and Igigi.

She created man, so they could till the soils and dig canals, and she created women so that they could continue to bear man. Seven of each she created, so that after 600 years the people were already too numerous. The land became so noisy that Enlil could not sleep. The people were also sinful, eating their own children, so Enlil decided to wash them away with a great flood.

He meant to keep the plan a secret from the people but the god Enki told his protégé Atrahasis what would happen and how he could save himself by means of a boat. The flood lasted seven days. 


She also added to the creation of Gilgamesh, and, at Anu's command, made Enkidu in Anu's image by pinching off a piece of clay, throwing it into the wilderness, and birthing him there. (5)

 (5) Ki was also responsible for more creations like Gilgamesh and in Anu's image she created Enkidu, so Enkidu looked different from other creations such as human and man. This story is similar to the Jewish apocrypha book of creation which is not part of the Christian Bible.

Enki called her to offer her beloved Ninurta as the one who should hunt Anzu. She does so.

As mentioned by her consort An, Ki stayed on Earth for a long time.

Nammu - Nammu
The Babylonian name is unknown. She was the "heavenly" consort of An.

The Sumerian goddess of the sea who created heaven and earth. The Goddess of the watery abyss, she is the mother of Enki and Ereshkigal, they were twins.

She instructs Enki on how, with the help of Ki to create man.

In my opinion she went back early to her "home planet" (Nibiru?). She leaves the Earthly things to the other Gods, including her consort An who shortly after her also returned to his "home planet".

An and Ki were the progenitors of most of the gods.









