Introduction

 

For those of you who are  Sitchin fans, you may notice some similarities between his information and mine. I respect the exhaustive research he has done, and the great scholar that he is. He contributed to opening up our planet’s memory of the Anunnaki. Scholastic and intellectual viewpoints and written documents are of value and add one part to understanding who we are. However, I feel we must not rule out our holographic, multidimensional viewpoints as being of equal value. 

 

 This is what I present to you. 


 I don’t agree with all of Sitchin’s data, and I include a lot that he does not. There have been many viewpoints from many different writers about the Anunnaki. Most of my information comes from personal memories and channeled information. And, similarities will also exist between certain channels because deeper truth is consistent; those who can channel or tap into universal energies on their own will also receive many parallels to this story. [My personal memories and more about me and Enki can be found in my article Nakmemories.]

 I have something I’d like to add here - the Anunnaki had bases around the world, but primarily in the Middle East - Lebanon, Israel, Egypt, Iraq - and in India and South Africa. There are many artifacts that still exist in Iraq but are not allowed to be seen, and the West has not had much access at all to these artifacts of the Anunnaki. It is my understanding that Saddam Hussein has hoarded many of these and kept many in private vaults under the ground. It is my hope that governments will encourage the Iraqi people who have access to these artifacts to bring them out and share them with the world. 

 

Much still lies beneath the sands and it would be fantastic for humanity to be able to uncover the past in this region. Ur, between the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, was the birthplace of humanity in modern times on Plan-ET Earth, the Garden of Eden, and everyone is entitled to have safe access to it. Therein lies many eophysical keys to remembering who we all are. (Please see the addendum to this article for a more complete explanation of how the war with Iraq is related to the Anunnaki, added April, 2003.)

 Special update on May 1, 2003: The Tomb of Gilgamesh is thought to have been found in Iraq. The story can be read here and please note the comments on the canals, which Enki built.


Return

  

 


Preface


 Humans were not only created by G-d, but are also genetically, symbolically and literally, related to a few off-planet civilizations; one particularly known on Earth as the Anunnaki. 




[If you believe humans evolved solely from apes, why, then, are there still apes?] 

Our story, (a term which replaces "history", because "our story" belongs to all of us), of human life on Earth is often told as creation myths, the planets in the heavens. 

 

But these myths were based on something - - - fact. This is why, around the world, we see the same tales of how one ’god’ was instrumental in assisting humanity during creation, the great flood, bringing knowledge to humanity. All cultures have their own creation stories of the ’gods and goddesses,’ beings on ships that came from the skies (often wearing masks or strange clothing and possessed some amazing abilities), giants (Anakim), war epochs between two sides of a family, and all over the Earth we also share very similar artwork, music and technology, largely based on extraterrestrial activity and intervention. From Lemuria to Atlantis to Sumeria to Egypt. These portray the story of our cosmos, the constellations, sun and moon, and put into human and "god" forms.

 Personally, I feel that much of what we attribute to the Anunnaki was not their own doing. For instance, I think that the Anunnaki were limited in their abilities, yet were given credit for doing things that were done by other alien species. But, as human beings saw the Anunnaki as gods and goddesses, they naturally transferred credit to the Annunaki, because they were more tangible, something they could see, make an image of, and so forth. In this article you will see some comparisons between B’raisheet (Genesis) and the written history the Anunnaki.

 Although this may not be for everybody (because some people simply aren’t interested or curious about any of this stuff), why could it be of value to examine our past in this particular way, with our connections to extraterrestrials, as well as with our past lifetimes? Because when we re-member more of who we are, why we continue to repeat patterns without understanding them, then we can be more of our whole selves in a way that is free from old baggage. We can have clear knowledge of ourselves, accept ourselves, heal what needs healing, and create what we want to have for our future. 

 

Or, to quote from a popular TV show ("Kung Fu: The Legend Continues"): 


"The seeds of destiny are nurtured by our roots in the past." 

If you want to know what the Anunnaki looked like, one easy way is to see the crop circle from 2001 called the first Chilbolton Face in Hampshire.

 Mention the name Anunnaki to some people and deep within them something stirs; a memory of Earth and Mars - and often there is anger, fear, pain, and confusion about the Anunnaki. People seem to like to blame them for all of Earth’s problems. Some people remember being part of their family, for better or worse. 

 

And yet others don’t want to hear anything about them because it dredges up feelings they’d rather avoid or deny. I even hear stories from people who think that the Anunnaki are vicious reptilians who have been battling for control over the Earth for the last half a million years, and they call all of the shots while we sit here like helpless pawns. I feel that A LOT of what we’ve learned about the Anunnaki was via bad press due to incorrect translations and the need to have a scapegoat. Do I agree with everything the Anunnaki did, or they way in which they did things? No. 

 

They had good sides and also some really awful sides. There were  different Anunnaki factions, and there were aliens who gave the impression they were Anunnakis. This article presents some of each. What they did was their responsibility and I’m not about to excuse or even attempt the impossible, which would be to vindicate their actions.

 The Anunnaki are archetypal, symbolic, and mythic, too. So, we may each feel a certain personal identification with one or more of them, which is a very interesting phenomenon to investigate. Because people feel a reaction to the Anunnaki, it is a HUGE key that our personal feelings and memories (emotional and cellular) about the Anunnaki still influence us today. In other words, these archetypes are within ourselves. Joseph Campbell stated that, "myths are clues to the spiritual potentialities of the human life." We seek the experience, the rapture of life, and myths help us as guides through life, show us what we are capable of, and mirroring what we feel. We can use the mythology of the Anunnaki as a way to understand and heal ourselves.

 From Enki and Enlil, Cain and Abel, Jacob and Esau, Joseph and his brothers, Moses and Ramses, Hatshepsut and Tuthmose, Akhenaten’s one god versus the many deities; Inanna (with her insatiable greed for power and adoration who still failed to realize that without her possessions she was nothing); Jehovah and Adoni; Sin (a.k.a. Nanna, Allah); the war over who controls Israel. 

 

We have seen brother go against brother (the main theme), religions and governments against others, men against women and women against men up into current times. I feel it’s time to get over the past (not necessarily forget it), and heal a lot. It is my hope that through such understanding of who we are, we can resolve ancient battles between nations and heal bitterness and hurts that have held us back from fully enjoying our lives and being the creators that we are RIGHT NOW. It’s time to remember who the false gods were and who the real G-d is....the One that is in charge of it all, that is within us; the one that transcends definition.

 The return of love/G-d (and the G-d as the common source within us all that is synchronicity, wisdom - love and light) is not only required for our survival, I feel it is eminent. Examining the deep, dark secrets within and healing them can help us accomplish this faster, I think. The most important event that took place when the Anunnakis ruled the Earth was that man rebelled against slavery and demanded sovereignty, and received it. The Anunnaki left. At the end of this article is more information along these lines about what this means for us as a civilization. 

 

My thanks go to my higher self, and Enki for helping me, for all of his love and care he gives to me and to all of life.


Return


 In the beginning.....


When the Source (G-d) created souls in order to be able to reflect back to itself what it was, beings later manifested in the constellation of Lyra. These were the first "creator gods" (the Council of Twelve and Elohim) who knew how to create matter from light. And create they did - planets, stars, universes, life forms for themselves, and eventually others.

 The Lyran’s physical lifetimes lasted for approximately one thousand years. In time, however, their life span decreased. They sought out something that would enable them to live longer lives so that they could experience the wonder and miracle of existence. They found that gold not only increased their longevity, but provided them with a superconductivity which gave them the ability to be very telepathic and experience their multidimensionality.

 Many thousands of years passed, and the beings from Lyra spread out into the cosmos and created new civilizations. Some went to Vega, others the Pleiades, and yet others Sirius. But, they knew (more or less) of their roots in Lyra/Vega and Sirius and that they were creator gods, at that point a.k.a. the Watchers. The search for gold to maintain their longevity continued because, unfortunately, their source for this magical substance was not forever lasting. Their planet (part of Sirius) was destroyed and their lives were doomed. They had to find another way of living - elsewhere.

 The following universal history information is from Bashar (channeled by Darryl Anka), and Enki [through myself]:

 




 

 "Approximately 4.6 billion years ago in our solar system there existed: Mercury, Venus, Mars (no moons), a 4th planet (larger than Earth with many moons, including a large one), Jupiter, Saturn (no rings), Uranus, Neptune and Pluto (which was a satellite of Saturn).

 "4 billion years ago, another planet came into our still forming solar system. This planet had its own moons. It arrived at approximately the same orbit as the 4th planet called Maldek - the one that existed beyond Mars. Mars was then the 3rd planet. [Please read the Sumerian Epic of Creation - the Enuma Elish, as this says it all and explains the importance of the Tablets of Destiny.]

 "This planet’s moons impacted the 4th planet shattering it so that part of it became the  Asteroid Belt. The remnant of the impact (as it cooled and moved into a tighter orbit around the sun) became the Earth and brought with it the large planet that was the moon of the 4th planet. This is our moon. Approx. 67% of the former planet is  Earth. Earth brought with it water - but there was water on the other planet, as well. As it reformed and became a sphere again, the rift where the shattering took place is now the Pacific Ocean area.

 

"This other planet was responsible for shattering the moons gravitationally that caused Saturn’s rings and for turning Uranus on its side, so that it has a highly inclined axis. And - this also caused Pluto to release from Saturn and come into its own orbit."
 

 

This planet, of course, that caused all the havoc was/is Nibiru. It is our 10th planet - not really the 12th. In the late 1980’s it was about halfway back.

 Bases were set up on the Moon. Mars’ moons - Phobos and Deimos, are remnants of that original impact that created the Asteroid Belt. These moons have been used for bases and minerals and water. 


[The above information on the solar system is recorded in ancient texts, and has been accessed through memory and channelings by myself, in sessions by Bashar, and other entities.] 

Return

 
  

 


Next phase

 

The group of beings who originated in Lyra later split up and evolved into Vegans, Sirians and Pleiadeans, are known as the Anunnaki. This particular group is attributed to having their own satellite. Their "planet" (which is partially artificial) was considered to be Nibiru. However, Nibiru is not really the home of the Anunnaki. Sirius was. 

 

Nibiru was made up of what I’d call space pirates who imitated other beings, and sometimes a few from one planet would join them, including the Anunnaki. I’ve seen these pirates - they’re not at all like the real Anunnaki. The story of the Anunnaki has been mixed up with these pirates through time so some see the Anunnaki as being only evil. 

 

(Some of the Anunnaki also were present on Mars before it was destroyed, and here’s an article that talks about Mars.)

 The name "Anunnaki" can mean many different things [based on Hebrew interpretations] - it is rich with meaning. 



• "An" is short for "anachnu," which means "we" 


• "An" also means "heaven" 


• "Naki" means "clean" 


So, the name can mean "We are clean" and "heaven is clean," clean as in "pure." "Ki" means "Earth," so "We are here on Earth." "Heaven is on Earth." "Anu is here on Earth." The "we" is also meant as a collective oneness, of the Source.

 They were tall, giant, (in Hebrew the word for giants is "Anakim") and have also been called the Nordics or Blonds, even though not all of them had blond hair or blue eyes. It is easy to see their Lyran and Sirian roots in their appearance. They also glowed a golden color. Their symbol is the winged disk, which not only represents their starships, but also symbolic of the ability of the spirit to fly free while remembering it’s wise, divine source. These Anunnaki were later called the Elohim, and Nephilim (those who descended, came down). However, they were NOT "the" Elohim, but Elohim became the word used for the plural of god.

 In B’raisheet (Genesis) 6:4 it is written:


"The Lord said, "My breath shall not abide in man forever, since he too is flesh; let the days be allowed him be one hundred and twenty years." It was then, and later too, that the Nephilim appeared on earth - when the divine beings cohabited with the daughters of men, who bore them offspring. They were the heroes of old, men of renown."

It is thought, by some, that the Nephilim were sinful gods who "fell from grace." They fell, alright, in their spaceships. This can also be seen as symbolic. The "fall" having to do with lowering one’s frequency from spirit into physical matter, which is slower and denser. "Fall" also meaning forgetting one’s true Source. As life forms choose to come to Earth their vibration goes through changes so that they are more matched to the frequency of Earth, their new home. 

 

Now these ETs literally came down from space, but souls choosing to incarnate upon the earth also had to change their vibrational frequencies. Enlil was first to come to Earth and was there even before mankind was created. The Sumerian texts called mankind the "Black-Headed People."

 If anyone doubts the location of Eden, or why it was chosen by the Anunnaki as a locale, please read on from Genesis:


"Then, before there was any rain, he formed man, from the dust of the earth. He blew into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living being. The Lord God planted a garden in Eden, in the east, and placed there the man whom He had formed...", 

and then all the other life forms came into being, water, animals, minerals. Genesis does say that the first river in Eden was Pishon and winds through the whole land of Havilah, where the gold is - the gold of that land is good; bdellium is there, and lapis lazuli. The name of the second river is Gihon, the one that winds through the whole land of Cush. The name of the third river is Tigris, the one that flows east of Asshur. 

 

And the fourth river is the Euphrates.


[For more Biblical references to the Anakim, Anakites, Anunnaki, Nephilim, etc., please see:

• Numbers: 13:22; 13:28-33; 


• Deut: 1:28; 2:1-; 9:2; 


• Joshua: 11:21-22; 14:12; 14:15; 15:13-14; 


• Judges: 1:20. Many of these giants were the result of Anunnaki and human reproduction, such as Gilgamesh]


Being a dreamtime medicine person, I traveled to this place of human’s origins and saw the space pirates who gave the impression of being the Anunnaki. This was on the border of Iran and Iraq at Lake Zaga. This lake no longer exists, as it has been covered up by sand, but it exists inside the earth and interdimensionally. 

 

To date no one else has ever talked about Lake Zaga or knows where it is - that is, aside from myself and channeled entities who have confirmed my visions and memories of it. I would like to find someone who can provide me with archaeological, geological evidence that this place once existed. I also know the language of the place, and how  there are underground facilities, passageways, there. It was once controlled by the Anunnaki. There are many interesting details of how this place once looked, but I am preserving this information for another time.

 This is part of Earth’s story and occurred after there already was life on Earth, hominid beings. Hominids are distinctly human-like creatures, different from apes or chimpanzees. The Anunnaki came to Earth (some of their crafts had crashed in the process), for a haven for themselves, and found it rich with gold, copper, silver and other minerals. They felt that here was their last chance for longevity, survival and the gold was the best conductor of energy which had many important uses. They mined gold for a very long time - hundreds of thousands of years by our standards; for theirs only a few weeks have passed.

 What, according to the Old Testament happened? God said, 


"Now that the man has become like one of us, knowing good and bad, what if he should stretch out his hand and take also from the tree of life and eat, and live forever!" 

So man was banished from Eden to work the soil from which he was taken.

 Further on in Genesis, we read:


"The Lord saw how great was man’s wickedness on earth, and how every plan devised by his mind was nothing but evil all the time. And the Lord regretted that He had made man on earth, and His heart was saddened. The Lord said, "I will blot out from the earth the men whom I created - men together with beasts, creeping things, and birds of the sky; for I regret that I made them." But Noah found favor with the Lord....For My part, I am about to bring the Flood - waters upon the earth - to destroy all flesh under the sky in which there is breath of life; everything on earth shall perish. But I will establish My covenant with you, and you shall enter the ark, with your sons...""  

This ark was symbolic and literal, not only a ship, but a covenant.

 Stephanie Dalley, author and translator, states from her book "Myths From Mesopotamia: Creation, The Flood, Gilgamesh and Others" (1991) that in the "Epic of Creation" (the epic which explains the history of the cosmos, and the Anunnaki as creator gods), the key element involves the possession of the Tablets of Destinies (which I will discuss at a later time because it’s very relevant to today). 

 

There also could have been several different versions spread around retelling the Epic. About the Epic, Ms. Dally writes: 


"Here is no struggle against fate, no mortal heroes, no sense of suspense over the outcome of events. The success of the hero-god Marduk is a foregone conclusion. None of the good gods is injured or killed; no tears are shed. Yet cosmic events are narrated: the earliest generations of the gods are recounted leading up to the birth of the latest hero-god; the forces of evil and chaos are overcome, whereupon the present order of the universe can be established, with its religious centers, its divisions of time, its celestial bodies moving according to proper rules, and with mankind invented to serve the does. 

 

The gods themselves behave in an orderly fashion: they assemble, discuss, agree, and elect their leaders in a gathering of males; after Tiamat’s primeval parturition and the spawning of monsters, goddesses play no part in creating the civilized world, not even in creating mankind." 

[p. 228]

However, I find this hard to believe because without a female donor, beings could not procreate, not give birth, and so on. There have been many women I have personally met who remember being birth goddesses, used by the aliens to have embryos implanted within them, to go through the pregnancies and give birth, then raise the children - if they survived. 

 

Dalley also writes that in the Atrahasis, the mother goddess, Ninhursag/Ninharsag-Ki, (Mami, Nintu, who I abbreviate as "Nin"), with Ea, make man out of clay, mixed with the blood from a god slain by Nin, Geshtu-e: 


"A ghost came into existence from the god’s flesh, And she (Nin) proclaimed it as his living sign. The ghost existed so as not to forget (the slain god)." 

Mixing and concocting continues and the "womb-goddesses" (creator of fate) were assembled. When birthing time arrived, Nin served as the mid-wife. The ghost is the spirit, the breath, divine life force, that was NOT created by the Anunnaki. This is only created by The Source. 


[Personal note: My spelling of Ninhursag is how the name is spoken, and how it is in my memory. When analyzed numerologically, it has a number of 111, which according to Norma Smith, Expert Analyst and Ph.D. in Universal Harmonics Analysis, is a master triple number, and its meaning is DNA template for humanity. I think Sitchin’s spelling of the name as Ninharsag is to justify his translation of the name through Hebrew - "har" meaning "mountain." Ninharsag has a value of 91 and means "spirit" and "oneness." So, it is more of a spiritual name for Ninhursag.]

In Dalley’s own translation of the Epic, Tiamat is a female who is plotted against by her own family, and then has the tables turned on her by her lover Kingu (Qingu, or Zu) and the Anunnaki, after she gives him the Tablets of Destiny - the Anu power. Ea, married to Damkina, overhears the plot and takes the fate into his own hands, slaying Apsu and Mummu. Afterwards he rested in his own quarters and named them Apsu and made his home there. Here is where he and Damkina created their son Marduk, and Marduk was raised by a nurse and he was suckled by the goddesses.

 

What follows in the Epic is a war (created by accusations and conspiracies back and forth) between the forces of Anshar, his son Anu, his son EA, and his son Marduk against Tiamat and Kingu. Marduk slays Tiamat - of womankind - the gods rejoice and make Marduk their leader. Marduk took back the Tablets of Destinies and became the king of the entire universe. 

 

Let’s remember that we’re talking about extraterrestrials here, (symbolic and literal); not THE Source.



Some of these beings were very wise and knew how to transform energy/light into matter. They were/are seeders. Basically, the Anunnaki who came to Earth were not terribly different from where we are today in terms of scientific development. According to the Enuma Elish, the idea occurred to Marduk that they could create a being that would mine the gold for them and then the gods could take it easy. 

 

They used the blood (DNA) of slain Kingu and combined it with a humanoid being on Earth. After many various experiments in which they created other races, (and they had many horrible failures, as well), they created a hybrid being (Adam, Adapa) which evolved into modern human. 

 

It is written, 


"He created mankind from his blood, Imposed the toil of the gods (on man) and released the gods from it. When Ea the wise had created mankind, Had imposed the toil of the gods on them - That deed is impossible to describe..." 

In both the Enuma Elish and Atrahasis the reason for creating man is the same - to relieve the gods of hard labor. Why there are different versions of this story of creation is more speculative than concretely known. 

 

But we can assume that a couple of reasons could be the era in which the Epics were written, who was in power at the time, and who wanted to praise one god over another god or goddess.





Actually, the name "human" can be traced to Enki (a.k.a. EA). HU is a transliteration of the ancient Sumerian EA (Grimms’ law of interchangeable letters and sounds). Isis (pronounced Ish-Ish, which is interesting, because in Hebrew ’Ish’ means ’man') was Enki’s mother. Isis was not Nibiruan; she was Sirian, with some Orion connections. His father was Anu. (Anu and his official wife, Antu, had a son named Enlil.) 

 

HU was also Horus, by the way, therefore another connection to Ninhursag, a.k.a. Hathor. What about EArth? EN.KI is "lord of earth." In the early days on Earth, Enki’s symbol was the crescent moon with a bearded, olden god surrounded with flowing water. The crescent moon relates to science, measuring, the oceans/tides - Enki’s specialties. In later years, the crescent moon developed another association - keep reading. In other ancient "mythology" Enki is known as Oannes, Ptah, Quezecotl, even as his own son, Thoth.

 The Anunnaki (who some call the Nephilim) later procreated with the beings who were on Earth at that time. The souls of those who became human came to Earth by their own free will to experience physicality. Several other extraterrestrial civilizations later contributed their own input into human DNA and created many races of humans and other creatures (a couple of which have since left this planet - such as the dinosaurs). However, these hybrids (our missing link in our evolution) helped the Anunnaki mine their gold.

 As seems pretty obvious thus far, the Anunnaki were pattern-makers, the creators of archetypes and a part of the template for human life on Earth. Throughout all cultures on Earth the same story of these gods (albeit with different names depending on where you are), their gifts to humanity, their failures, their characteristics, their loves, their battles and the results of such warfare are recorded in literature, ritual, art, oral tradition and religion. Astrology is one of the major sciences they brought to Earth, and each main god/goddess had their own constellation. The Anunnaki gave the humans knowledge of how to be this human being, how to take care of themselves, gave them guidelines, rules, for proper living.

 And yet, at times they were also manipulators, and as long as people didn’t upset the "gods" they were safe and provided for. After some time, the humans evolved to a point where they began to question their purpose and their future. They rebelled against their "creators," the Anunnaki. The humans wanted to have the nectar of the gods for themselves. Why shouldn’t they be able to have their free will, live as long as their gods did? Why shouldn’t they have power and wealth or whatever they felt they lacked? 

 

And then the sad realization that they were NOT like "the gods." Read the early sad epics of Enkidu and Gilgamesh who desperately wanted to be divine and have everlasting life, only to find out that their mortal side won out. 

 

You will also find out more about the flood and the Anunnaki from the Epic of Gilgamesh.



The Anunnaki discussed the possible consequences if they shared the gold (the process of alchemy) with the humans. Some of the Anunnaki, such as the Sirian leader, Enki, were in favor of letting humans be free and equal to them. Other Anunnaki were angry because of the blending of the two life forms and the continual complaints humans had to the Anunnaki.

 One of the Anunnaki leaders who had no patience for humans was EN.LIL. Enlil was the Prince of heaven and Earth. He was in charge of airspace, he was chief of the gods and Lord of Sumer. Enki and Enlil were half brothers through the same father, Anu, who was the leader of this Anunnaki group. They also had to contend with Marduk (one of Enki’s sons) who was proclaimed the greatest king of the gods. In later years, the symbol of the crescent moon was associated with Nanna/Sin (Enlil’s and Ninlil’s son), who Sinai was named for, and who became known as Allah. 

 

Note the symbol (with the star) is used in Islam and is directly related to Enlil’s side of the family. This is proof of the battle for power by the two camps of Anunnaki, those of Enki versus those of Enlil - actually a terrible, nuclear war between the Anunnaki took place in the Sinai, and at the Great Pyramid, for control over the region. 

 

Ninhursag acted as mediator and brought the two sides to a peace agreement. (But, in fact, there were many more camps that evolved out of Enki and Enlil’s lineages.)



The Anunnaki had two factions fighting one another over humanity’s future. This was coded in the books as the Garden of Eden (a genetic metaphor and a literal place). Enlil didn’t want the humans to be equal to them. Enki was in favor of allowing humans self-rulership, respect and equality. In order to ensure that humans would be able to, in the long run, benefit from their ancestry, Enki (the serpent of wisdom and healing) suggested those who came to be called Adam and Eve to eat from the Tree of Knowledge. 

 

Had they eaten only from the Tree of Life, humans would have lived a very long time, but not have been the wiser. Nor would humans have reached their own intellectual and spiritual evolution in which they would realize that they are equal to the ’gods’ who created them as new humans by virtue of their DNA. 

 

This "trick" enraged Enlil who, from that point onward, was furious that humans mated with the Anunnaki, and he wanted to punish humanity. We see this reflected in our societies ever since as the wild drive towards materialism, or racism, or shame, or the focus on doing anything which keeps people from remembering who they are, being in denial of who they are, or angry with life - blaming The G-d.

Civilizations and religions were created by Enki and Enlil (and later their offspring). Egypt, for example, was developed by Enki and his lineage. The areas of the Sinai, Jerusalem, Sumer, India and more were fought over by the two families of Enki and Enlil, changing hands back and forth through different Pyramid Wars. 


[This was the of battles of Ra/Marduk, Horus, Thoth, Inanna, Set, Osiris, and mediated into peace by Nin.] 

The battle Horus fought for Ra against Seth was the first that used humans in a war with weapons, and this began wars mankind fought against itself. The war between the factions of the Anunnaki continued between humans with claims such as, "There is only One god," or "There are many gods," or "My god is THE god, but yours isn’t," or "We are the chosen people, or the superior race - God told us so!" 

 

This wasn’t from The G-d, the love-energy source of all life: instead this was more reflective of "the creator gods" who had their own beliefs, agendas. The battle between Egypt and Israel goes way back, and it was due to the control and confusion set into motion by many of these factors; extraterrestrials, angels (and messages from THE G-d), humans, mixed messages, control and fear, between worshipping Enki’s family or Enlil’s family.

Atlantis’ finally sinking was due to astronomical events combined with those humans and Anunnakis experimenting with sound technology. They didn’t plan on destroying the place - they just miscalculated. The last great flood, approximately 13,000 years ago, became a legend when Enki went against the other Anunnaki and saved humans (the Noahs of Earth) when this accident occurred. The first flood was in Lemuria and then there were others in Atlantis (several times). Those with Enki forced Enlil to help save whatever humans they could.

 Enki, having felt completely disgusted and disappointed by Enlil’s fierce control, (refer to the Tower of Babel here) left Earth during the Exodus. Moses in confusion as to who he was speaking with on the mountain. He heard The G-d, messengers (Elohim and Nephilim) as a mixture. The Ten Commandments were supposedly dictated to Moses and he wrote it down, after he was taught the Hebrew alphabet and language, which he would later teach to his people. Have you ever noticed how, at this point in the Hebrew Bible, Adonai is no longer mentioned, and YHWH, Jehovah, Yahweh, is? And yet, everyone thinks they’re the same G-d. Just who is this Jehovah, YHWH? Jehovah was an agent of Enlil!

 Not long after the Exodus, the other Anunnaki left their Earthly influence, and their secrets of transforming gold into the powerful substance that allowed their longevity and spiritual abilities also vanished. Their knowledge about life was held in the hands of very few who began to abuse it and became greedy. Then, in time, humans who remembered died or disappeared. 

 

A lot of knowledge was lost. And yet, people kept trying to capture that special essence of gold in the form of statues or other such items, mistakenly believing that power equated to violence and destruction and hoarding wealth. They felt it was their key to immortality - that which would make them THE G-d. Powdered gold has beneficial properties, but the real gold is within - remembering one’s self and connection to Source. This is really what Enki had tried to infuse into people.

 The Anunnaki left the Earth, in a sense, but not without creating counterparts or aspects of themselves who would reincarnate as humans in order to share the human experience with them, their oversouls. 

 

Some of these continued the lineage through King David and Jesus. Some of these counterparts or aspects have stubbornly stuck to what they presume was Enlil’s and Marduk’s agenda to control the Earth for their own purposes, keeping humans more fearful, dependent, ignorant. Yet, others continue to share the ancient wisdom from other Anunnaki, encouraging humanity to remember their source which they can access from within their individual and collective cellular/spiritual memories in order to break the ancient and false bonds of slavery, fear and ignorance and reclaim what they feel is rightfully theirs. 

 

Any way you look at it, the confusing, chaotic battle continues - and it doesn’t have to. 
  

Return


 

 


 WHAT HAPPENS NOW, ON THE FLIP SIDE?


Are these Anunnaki "gods" returning to Earth via Nibiru? (Remember - Nibiru really wasn’t the home of the Anunnaki.) "They" have never really left! First of all, they exist in many of us as a reincarnation or as aspects of them. (And boy, that’s created some sad, major identity crises.) 

 

And as a human civilization, we have finally reached the understanding that we are more than ETs or humans, and we do have free will and choice. We can decide how WE want our experiences to be. Secondly, time exists in the third dimension but not beyond, so one can argue that everything is happening right now, but honestly, that doesn’t always change what already happened in our "past." All that matters is NOW.

 Please don’t make a big deal about the "return of Nibiru." If you’re looking for a savior, look to yourselves. I know that the family of Anu is helping us. We are also helping the few Anunnaki and humans who are still tuck in old, negative paradigms. Whatever we, or they, do effects the whole (all of life in the cosmos). Regardless, we all have to be self-responsible. And, if one day the Anunnaki, will we still be playing out old dramas and wars? Will we be able to greet them as equals? Will we even want them to be here? Will we care, either way? Is it even possible for these old Anunnaki to return here and be as they once were?

 If we want our lives to be destructive or a joyous creation, the choice is ours - truly it is. However, we have to know that our thoughts and feelings are manifesting instantaneously as our reality, so we have to be more aware than ever of what we focus on and CHOOSE what we want for ourselves. We have to know who WE are, what our own energy is like versus what another’s is like. Using our individual and collective power of choice is our means of attaining complete independence from the limitations and illusions we, or others, have imposed upon us/ourselves. After all, if we, as souls, didn’t want to be part of the Anunnaki experience, in a physical life on Earth, we wouldn’t have been. It was always a co-creation.

 Some of the Anunnaki games, such as that of the needy toddler or dysfunctional adolescent, are still being played by people on Earth: who is more godly, who is more deserving, who is evil, who is powerful, who has to be punished, who gets to own that land, or "I want it, just because I want it, or because he has one!" These "gods" wanted things only "their" way. 

 

Some people feel so badly for what they did as Anunnaki that they cover it up or punish themselves, over and over, never letting go of the past. Then there are others won’t give up on blaming the Anunnaki for making their current lives miserable, always saying, "It’s their fault. I hate them. Poor me." 

 It’s time to have forgiveness, compassion, and gratitude, for them, for ourselves - all of our Selves, and become very clear what we’re doing, and why. If we are repeating old patterns, relating to any one of these Anunnaki archetypes, we have to become aware of how destructive these patterns can be. And it’s in us - from Enki to Enlil to Sin, from Marduk to Inanna, from those masquerading as the Anunnaki. 

 

We have been repeating battles (worldwide), holding on to ancient and unhealthy grudges and dramas, martyring ourselves, fearful of letting go (because these old patterns are comfortable and familiar) and moving forward.
  

Return



 


IDENTITY CRISES


Which brings me to identity crises. What about people who claim they are, or were, one of these Anunnaki? There are many who do. I can tell you that I’ve met at least 5 people who all claim to be Enki, several more Inannas, and there are others who remember being Anu, Nin, and lesser known Anunnaki. 

 

I, too, remember being part of the Anunnaki family. Sometimes these encounters and friendships have been destroyed all because of being hung up on a past identity. I’ve had confrontations and arguments with people who demand I acknowledge them as being the only Enki, or so and so. But, I can’t acknowledge it as being fact if I feel it is a delusion, a hope, a confusion. 

 

Sometimes they are identifying with an archetype thinking it is exactly the same as the individual it symbolizes, such as the hero who builds and saves the world (Enki); the evil, selfish, destructive demon (Marduk); the wronged and martyred tantric, materialistic Queen (Inanna); the mother of all creation (Isis), and so on.

 What does it mean and why are people identifying this way? That varies from person to person. Some people are actual reincarnational aspects, off-shoots of these beings and some like to believe that they were the one and only this, or that. Some were friends or family members of them, but not "them." Some are channeling various Anunnakis. 

 

From what I have encountered, I have not found many who were those exact, complete, real, one and only beings such as Anu reincarnated in this lifetime. I think that’s very rare. It is more common that we share in the same oversoul as one of them, which sometimes makes it feel like we were them because oversoul share information with those in it. But, if identifying with one of them is key for you in this lifetime - why is that? How are these archetypes helping you?

 Is there some importance in remembering one’s personal connection with the Anunnaki? I think it relates to self-discovery, healing, and in some cases a need to feel special, important. To say "I am Enki, or Marduk, or Hathor, or the almighty YHWH, or Queen of Heaven, or Jesus/Krishna" is not being real, right now. Whether or not you were one of them, these are OLD identities and not who you, or they, are on Earth at this moment. 

 

Even if you are a multidimensional aspect of one of them that doesn’t make you them because your focus is here. What if you were them back then? What have you learned about your experience and yourself? What if you’re only WISHING you were them? Should it matter to anyone else?

 Well, many people (regardless of affiliation with the Anunnaki) still keep playing out the old roles and battles. That doesn’t mean people have to bow down and worship them or help them live in the past or an illusion of grandeur and satisfy their negative ego. Maybe there’s some denial going on, or failure to own up to what they did, or someone in their oversoul did, or think they did (when they really didn’t), once up on a time? 

 

Okay - then it’s up to that person to deal with it or not. In the long run, it doesn’t matter anyway - that identity is not what your, or their, real essence is, nor who you are now in physicality. But, it can still help a lot to be deeply honest about it. We’re still part of everyone and All That Is and we have many lifetimes and experiences - the Anunnaki could be just one of them. It’s the importance one places on this identification and separation that could use some exploration and understanding.

 Until we see this, forgive and release ourselves, and them, release the past and value our true selves, we can’t move forward; we can’t even live productively or whole in the present. Let’s clean up our act. We can re-member that we (our multidimensional selves) were and/or are of these ETs and "creator gods." We share much of the same DNA - but THIS DOESN’T MEAN THAT WE HAVE TO REPLAY THEIR OLD BATTLES AND KEEP THEIR DYSFUNCTIONS. Let go of these old patterns. They are not our gods or goddesses, and yet they did give us much that makes us who we are today. Let’s thank them and let them go. We may share similar feelings and thoughts, but more importantly we are all from the same Source. 

 

And actually, it doesn’t matter if we focus on that ET "stuff" within us, or not, unless one has an issue about it.
  

Return



 

 


EPILOGUE: HEALING


 We are who we are right now - a combination of our past and present, creating our future selves. It is my hope that rather than focusing on hatred, fear, racism, sexism, separation, or superiority of one religion above another, humanity can release more of the old energies of false power, martyrhood, tyranny, victimhood, fear, manipulation and pain. 

 

Then we can embrace our higher selves and the oneness of all creation, the free, creative beings that we are, appreciate our differences and what we share in common, and move into a future of more love, light, knowledge, wisdom, and joy. We have to remember that we are all human beings (little matters which color, religion, gender, and so forth), and all G-d’s creations.

 The choice and opportunity is always before us to remember more of who we are. The humans rebelled against the Anunnaki along time ago and the Anunnaki left. What does this say about us? We claimed Earth and got it. We claimed our sovereignty and got it. 

 

Why go back?


"Then he realized I indeed am this creation for I have poured it forth from myself. In that way he became this creation. And verily, he who knows this becomes in this creation, a creator."  

--- The Upanishads

If you’d like a biblical reference, here’s one from Deuteronomy 30:


"For this commandment which I command thee this day, it is not hidden from thee, neither is it far off. It is not in heaven, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go up for us to heaven, and bring it unto us, and cause us to hear it, that we may do it? Neither is it beyond the sea, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go over the sea for us, and bring it unto us, and cause us to hear it, that we may do it? But the word is very nigh unto thee, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it." 

This means FIND YOUR OWN RELATIONSHIP AND DEFINITION OF GOD BY GOING WITHIN YOURSELF, AND THEREIN YOU SHALL KNOW AUTHENTIC TRUTH (BEAUTY, LOVE, AND PEACE). Don’t be afraid to be all that love and light that you are. It is your birthright.
  

Return
 
  

 

 

The Sumerians. Their History, Culture and Character

Translation by Samuel Noah Kramer 

(Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1963), PP. 17483

introductory material paraphrased and summarized 

by M. Eliade from Kramer, OP. Cit., PP. 171-4
  



 

Enki, the king of the Abzu, overpowering in his majesty, speaks up with authority:
’My father, the king of the universe,
 Brought me into existence in the universe,
 My ancestor, the king of all the lands,
 Gathered together all the, ME’s, placed the me’s in my hand.
 From the Ekur, the house of Enlil,
 I brought craftsmanship to my Abzu of Eridu.
 I am the fecund seed, engendered by the great wild ox, I am the first born son of An,
 I am the "great storm" who goes forth out of the "great below," I am the lord of the Land,
 I am the gugal of the chieftains, I am the father of all the lands,
 I am the "big brother" of the gods, I am he who brings full prosperity,
 I am the record keeper of heaven and earth,
 I am the car and the mind of all the lands,
 I am he who directs justice with the king An on An’s dais,
 I am he who decrees the fates with Enlil in the "mountain of wisdom,"
 He placed in my hand the decreeing of the fates of the "place where the sun rises,"
 I am he to whom Nintu pays due homage,
 I am he who has been called a good name by Ninhursag,
 I am the leader of the Anunnaki,
 I am he who has been born as the first son of the holy An.
 After the lord had uttered (his) exaltedness,
 After the great Prince had himself pronounced his praise,
The Anunnaki came before him in prayer and supplication:
’Lord who directs craftsmanship,
 Who makes decisions, the glorified; Enki praise!’
For a second time, because of his great joy,:
Enki, the king of the Abzu, in his majesty, speaks up with authority
’I am the lord, I am one whose command is unquestioned, I am the
 foremost in all things,
 At my command the stalls have been built, the sheepfolds have been enclosed,
 When I approached heaven a rain of prosperity poured down from heaven,
 When I approached the earth, there was a high flood,
 When I approached its green meadows,
 The heaps and mounds were piled up at my word.
  

[After the almost unintelligible description of Enki’s rites, Enki proceeds to decree the fates of a number of cities. Ur is one example.]
 He proceeded to the shrine Ur,
Enki, the king of the Abzu decrees its fate:
 City possessing all that is appropriate, water-washed, firm-standing ox,
 Dais of abundance of the highland, knees open, green like a mountain,
 Hashur-grove, wide of shade-he who is lordly because of his might
 Has directed your perfect ME’s,
Enlil, the "great mountain," has pronounced your lofty -name in the universe.
 City whose fate has been decreed by Enlil,
Shrine Ur, may you rise heaven high


 [Enki next stocks the land with various items of prosperity: A deity is placed in charge of each. For example:]
 He directed the plow and the . . . yoke,
 The great prince Enki put the ’horned oxen’ in the . . . Opened the holy furrows,
 Made grow the grain in the cultivated field.
 The lord who do-ns the diadem, the ornament of the high plain,
 The robust, the farmer of Enlil, Enkimdu, the man of the ditch and dike,
Enki placed in charge of them.
 The lord called the cultivated field, put there the checkered grain,
 Heaped up its . . . grain, the checkered grain, the innuba-grain into piles,
Enki multiplied the heaps and mounds,
 With Enlil he spread wide the abundance in the Land,
 Her whose head and side are dappled, whose face is honey-covered,
The Lady, the procreatress, the vigour of the Land, the ’life’ of the black-heads,
 Ashnan, the nourishing bread, the bread of all,
Enki placed in charge of them.
 He built stalls, directed the purification rites,
 Erected sheepfolds, put there the best fat and milk,
 Brought joy to the dining halls of the gods,
 In the vegetation-like plain he made prosperity prevail.

  


 


 He filled the Ehur, the house of Enlil, with possessions,
Enlil rejoiced with Enki, Nippur was joyous,
 He fixed the borders, demarcated them with boundary stones,
Enki, for the Anunnaki,
Erected dwelling places in the cities,
 Set up kids for them in the countryside,
 The hero, the bull who comes forth out of the hashur (forest), who roars lion-like,
 The valiant Utu, the bull who stands secure, who proudly displays his power,
 The father of the great city, the place where the sun rises, the great herald of holy An,
 The judge, the decision-maker of the gods,
 Who wears a lapis lazuli beard, who comes forth from the holy heaven,
 the .. . heaven,
Utu, the son born of Ningal,
Enki placed in charge of the entire universe.

 
 


